text: WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN
dialog: by
dialog: Lynne Ramsay & Rory Kinnear
dialog: based on the novel by
dialog: Lionel Shriver
dialog: 11.23.2007
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: 0.S.SLOOSHING NOISES, TEENAGE KIDS HUSHED SNICKERING.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, DUPLEX - MORNING
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A red, translucent shadow drips down a bedroom wall like weak
text: rain bathing EVA KACHADOURIAN, in it’s eerie glow.
text: Fifty years old but looking a good ten older, Eva lies in
text: bed, eyes open, staring blankly at the ceiling.
text: O.S. beep of a digital alarm clock.
text: She slams her hand down on the battered clock, it’s face
text: cracked and fixed with tape.
text: It’s glowing red digits read
dialog: 7.30AM Thursday 26th April 2001
text: Disoriented, she sits up and frowns, taking in the unnatural
text: hue on her skin.
text: Fumbling for her robe, she knocks a bottle of pills from the
text: bedside table, they scatter noisily across the floor.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Shit.
text: She drags herself out of bed and walks over to the doorway.
text: Feet crunching over the spilt pills.
text: Dazed, she wanders down the hall towards the front door,
text: squinting as she steps out into the bright morning light.
scene_heading: EXT. RUN DOWN DUPLEX, SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING
text: Shivering a little, she pulls her robe tight around her, she
text: walks a little way down the drive then turns to look at the
dialog: building.
text: The house looks like it’s had it’s throat slit.
text: It’s splattered with red paint, glistening in the sunshine as
text: it drips down the woodwork.
text: Eva surveys the scene for a moment, her face expressionless,
text: she shrugs tiredly and casually pads back into the house,
text: closing the door behind her.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: BCU, SAME DIGITAL CLOCK, but brand new, it’s digits read.
scene_heading: 7 AM THURSDAY APRIL 26th 2000.
text: Eva’s hand slams down on it.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE RANCH HOUSE KITCHEN - MORNING, ONE YEAR EARLIER.
text: A ticking sound as a bluish gas flame sparks up on the ring.
text: O.S. A man’s voice singing badly over the dull thud of a
dialog: shower.
text: Eva (49 but looking 10 yrs younger) plops a European style
text: coffee pot on top of the range and picks up a spatula,
text: flipping a piece of french toast that’s sizzling in a pan.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (0.S.)
dialog: No slime Mommy!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK Celie, no slime!
text: She presses the toast firmly into the pan making sure it’s
text: crisp before flicking it expertly onto a plate.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER.
text: Viewed from behind. The white blonde hair of CELIA 7, sat at
text: the kitchen table.
text: EVA leans in towards her face making dabbing motions with a
dialog: little sponge.
text: Celia’s feet kicking under the table. She whines and wriggles
text: but tries hard to stay still.
speaker_heading: CELIA
text: Daddy’s happy, he’s singing.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You could call it that...
text: Eva drops the sponge in the bowl and wipes her hands.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: There’s a brave girl. See that’s
dialog: better, not so sticky now.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: No, Not so sticky!
text: Celia throws her arms round Eva’s neck.
text: Eva smiles but her eyes are welling up.
scene_heading: REVERSE ON CELIA;
text: A delicate innocent face. ONE EYE BLANK LOOKING, PROSTHETIC,
text: stares eerily ahead.
text: Eva extricates herself from Celia’s tight hug and turns back
text: to the stove brushing her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Now... eat your breakfast honey.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Daddy!..
text: FRANKLIN (Good looking, muscular 40’s) bounds into the
text: kitchen in a buoyant mood. He kisses the top of Celia’s head
text: and whistling, heads for the coffee pot.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (to Eva)
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Morning.
text: His hand brushes against Eva’s over the stove. An awkward
text: moment, something unspoken in their eyes. Franklin pulls away
text: gingerly.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That’s OK.
text: She smiles at him, shy, girlish.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You’re in a good mood...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (boyishly embarrassed)
dialog: And you know why...
text: He gives her a quick peck on the cheek and is about to turn
text: back to the table when Eva pulls him closer and kisses him
dialog: deeply.
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Gross...
text: KEVIN (15) sidles into the kitchen, dressed in a smart white
text: fencing shirt and black slacks.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh... you’re up.
text: Eva and Franklin pull apart, almost guiltily, like a couple
text: of teenagers caught at it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Looking good...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Wow, what happened... were all your
dialog: size one clothes in the wash?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Some days you just wake up with a
dialog: sense of occasion.
text: Kevin tucks the billowing shirt neatly into his pants.
speaker_heading: CELIA
text: Kevin looks handsome.
text: He does look handsome and Eva looks at him with a hint of
dialog: pride.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yup... your brother’s a
dialog: heartbreaker...
dialog: Now don’t dawdle, You’re supposed
dialog: to eat it, not make friends with
dialog: it.
text: Kevin plonks his open rucksack on the table with a clunk.
text: It’s full of heavy yellow Kryptonite bike locks.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: See you’ve got some takers...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah should make a pile. I can
dialog: charge twice what I paid for these
text: on the net.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: The next Donald Trump, huh?
text: Franklin begins to load some film into a professional looking
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Big job today Kev...Michelin tyres.
dialog: I've found the perfect spot, Just
dialog: hope the light holds out...
text: Kevin nods disinterestedly.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey I ever show you how this camera
dialog: works?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Only about a million times.
text: Kevin starts filling his sports bag with arrows and the rest
text: of his archery kit.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (trying again)
dialog: That reminds me we should shoot a
dialog: roll of you at archery practice
dialog: sometime soon....
text: Capture that steely gaze and steady
dialog: arm for posterity...
text: Franklin slaps Kevin on the back. It’s a mistake Kevin
text: flinches, his mask falls and for a split second Eva notices a
dialog: look of ‘revulsion’?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah Dad. That would be...great.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (seemingly oblivious to
dialog: Kevin’s disinterest)
dialog: ‘course I’d have to shoot it on a
dialog: long lens... you see the only way
dialog: to capture...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (Levelly)
dialog: Listen, I don’t care how your
dialog: stupid camera works. I don’t want
dialog: to be a location scout for a bunch
dialog: of crappy products. I’m not
dialog: interested. I don’t want to play
dialog: Frisbee in the back yard or one
dialog: more game of monopoly with a candy
dialog: ass one eyed midget. And I’ve had
dialog: it up to my eyeballs with heart-to-
dialog: heart father-son talks about
dialog: aspects of my life that are none of
dialog: your business.
text: Franklin looks stunned, flushed with a tinge of anger. Eva
text: meets his eyes and just perceptibly shakes her head. He
text: silently starts to fit his lenses back in the case.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (slightly subdued)
dialog: OK. You’re on the record.
text: As abruptly as he had exploded Kevin folds right back into
text: himself. He pours some cereal into his bowl.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Can you pass the sugar please?
text: Franklin slides the sugar in Kevin’s direction. Kevin starts
text: to heap a disgusting amount over his breakfast.
text: An uncomfortable silence. No one makes eye contact, like
text: polite people pretending they didn’t notice a very loud fart.
text: Franklin studies the newspaper he’s already read, and Eva
text: gathers up her purse and some paperwork.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK, time to make a move.
text: She bends to kiss Celia’s head, brushing a last speck of
text: crust from her eyelash.
text: Celia stands woodenly her arms held out.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: I’1ll miss you...
text: Eva glances at her watch.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’1l miss you too.
text: She hugs Celia taking her into her arms. Celia clings on
text: desperately. Eva finally manages to put her down. She passes
text: Kevin on the way to the door.
text: She almost makes a move to kiss him goodbye, thinks better of
text: it and passes a hand over his fringe instead, her hand
text: brushing against his forehead.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You’re a little clammy, do you feel
dialog: alright?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Never better...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey...three days till you’re
dialog: sixteen huh? We should do
dialog: something...
dialog: How ‘bout Sunday?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (noncommittally)
dialog: Don’t know, might be tied up...
text: Eva shrugs and picks up her bag, kissing Franklin briefly on
text: the cheek as she passes on her way to the door.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Don’t you want to say goodbye to
dialog: Celie on more time?
speaker_heading: EVA
text: (over her shoulder as she
dialog: exits)
dialog: Very funny.
text: She closes the door behind her with a click.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S OFFICE - EVENING
text: Eva’s stockinged feet up on the desk, viewed from behind, she
text: swivels on the chair, the phone pressed to her ear...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey it’s me... I just wanted to
dialog: say... you know.. um...last
dialog: night... was... great...
dialog: 
dialog: I don’t know Franklin Are we
dialog: doing the right thing? Maybe we
dialog: could get away for a few days just
dialog: you and me...
dialog: (sensing someone standing
dialog: behind her)
dialog: Anyway see you tonight. I’1l cook
dialog: something special.
text: She hangs up and swivels round in her chair
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Haven’t you guys got homes to go
dialog: to?...
text: Her assistant ROSE is stood ashen faced in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Eva, your son’s at Gladstone High
dialog: isn’t he?
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - NYC STREETS - WEST SIDE HIGHWAY - EVENING
text: Eva speeds through the traffic, overtaking another driver who
text: screams at her and gives her the finger.
text: She turns onto the West Side highway. Total gridlock.
text: She honks the horn furiously, it merges with the cacophony of
text: other horns on the static freeway.
text: Her fingers frantically fiddle with the digital radio as it
text: scrambles wildly in and out of frequency.
dialog: ‘Fatalities feared at Gladstone High’...(Merges into A cheesy
dialog: inappropriate pop song)... Shooting...‘Police trying to gain
text: access’ ...It fuzzes back to the song again and Eva thumps
text: the radio angrily with her fist.
scene_heading: EXT. ARIEL VIEW, EVA’S CAR, OUTSKIRTS NYC - EVENING
text: The badly tuned radio merges with Eva’s panicky voice.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: Kevin...pick up....Kevin
dialog: please?...(The sound of another
text: number punched into the phone)...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Franklin....where the hell are
dialog: you?... Pick up the goddamned
dialog: phone...
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR, SUBURBAN ST. - EVENING
text: Eva rounds the corner and slams on the brakes.
text: An elderly couple crossing the road in front of her gawp at
text: her before continuing on at a snails pace. Eva drums her
text: hands impatiently on the wheel...C’mon...C’mon.
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: A strange lull as Eva speeds past rows of white picket fenced
text: houses and neat manicured lawns. No one around.
text: Two wild looking dogs pull trash from an upturned can,
text: snarling and showing their teeth.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - STREET LEADING TO GLADSTONE HIGH - DUSK
text: A helicopter chops noisily in the air just above her. SIRENS
text: GETTING LOUDER.
text: The fuzzy car radio suddenly starts blaring out ‘HEY MICKEY’
text: BY TONI BASIL.
text: She turns into the drive leading up to the school passing...
text: A group of teenage girls huddled together with their arms
text: round one another in a strange tableaux.
text: It’s getting dark as Eva jumps out of the car, leaving the
text: door wide open....
text: VIEWED FROM INSIDE THE CAR, AS THE MUSIC CONTINUES...
text: Red and blue sirens pulse eerily from emergency vehicles as
text: Eva stumbles through the lot towards the school.
scene_heading: CLOSELY FOLLOWING EVA;
text: Everything slows to a strange half speed, as if underwater.
text: Total chaos. Teachers, students and frantic parents in tears
dialog: or profound states of shock.
text: Seconds take forever as Eva moves towards the hubbub
text: surrounding the gym.
dialog: 10.
text: She catches the sight of a hysterical woman who we will later
text: know as MARY WOOLFORD, a perfectly coiffured mother, but with
text: black rivulets of mascara running down her face, she looks
text: like a screaming clown.
text: For a split second their eyes meet.
text: O.S. The voice of a cop on a crackling radio... merges into
dialog: an electrical roar....
text: Cops are gathered round one of the gym entrances as a fireman
text: works at the door with a cutter.
text: A arc of blue sparks fly into the night.
text: A YELLOW KRYPTONITE BIKE LOCK clunks to the floor with a
text: sickening thud.
text: Eva loses focus, the red and blue lights scatter into
text: meaningless splotches.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO BLACK
text: SCREAMS IN THE DARKNESS.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, BANOL, SPAIN 1983 - DAY
text: A mass of half-naked teenage bodies writhe together, piled on
text: top of one another, screaming and yelling, covered in a
text: viscous, blood-red liquid. Is this hell?
text: SPLAT. A tomato flies through the air and squashes against
text: the crisp white cotton of a women’s blouse.
text: Eva (36 and gorgeous) squeals and laughs, holding her hands
text: protectively over her face as more tomatoes fly in every
dialog: direction.
text: Two young guys, flirty and lascivious, are pushed up against
text: her shouting and laughing, they grab her arms and playfully
text: pull them from her face, stretching them wide so Eva becomes
text: an open target for the rest of the crowd.
text: Tomatoes rain down, squashing as they hit their target and
text: soaking Eva in their sticky red mess.
text: It’s fun at first, but soon the chaos proves too much and Eva
text: pulls away from the protesting boys and struggles to free
text: herself from the crowd.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: EXT. A QUIETER BACK STREET - DAY
text: Eva relaxes as she walks away from the frenzy of the
text: “Tomatina”,the music and screaming fading into the
text: background, her hair and clothes dripping with tomato juice.
text: She pulls a fleshy lump from her hair and drops it in the
text: road, laughing quietly to herself.
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH HOTEL BATHROOM - DAY
text: The hiss of a shower, steam fills the room.
text: A pink-stained bra drops to the floor on top of a pile of
text: soaked clothes.
text: Eva’s feet step into the shower, the water running red round
dialog: her toes.
text: Hands soap up a lather and caress the skin of her shoulders
text: neck, breasts and belly sensuously.
text: The shower head splutters and spits, the steam disappears.
text: Eva looks up and squeals - the water has gone freezing.
text: She scrambles from the shower swearing to herself.
scene_heading: INT. A BASIC HOTEL BEDROOM - DAY
text: Eva sits on the edge of the bed, goose pimpled, shivering
text: slightly, wrapped in a small, cheap, thin ‘bath’ towel.
text: Hand written journals and notebooks are strewn across the
text: bed, she flops down on her back and reaches for a Dictaphone,
dialog: clicking record.
text: Eva’s lips full frame.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Bedrooms... bearable, plumbing...
text: practically non-existent.
text: She clicks it off with a sigh and casts her eyes round the
text: drab, bare room... something lonely about her. She sighs and
text: turns on her side her gaze fixing on the phone.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Eva’s fingers playfully twirl the chord of the phone as she
text: wanders aimlessly round the room.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE
dialog: (tinny and distorted by
dialog: the long distance call)
dialog: So what you up to?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Not much? Just had a shower...
text: She picks at a bit of tomato skin on her arm.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: huh... well half a shower.
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: So you're naked?
dialog: 12.
text: She laughs and twirls round, dropping the towel, admiring her
text: toned body in the mirror.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Mmmmm...You know what... I’ve got
dialog: great tits.
text: She laughs, sexy, teasing, blushing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Eva’s hair is fanned out around her on the pillow, her face
dialog: flushed.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE
dialog: Are you doing it now?..
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Maybe..
text: Her toes stretch out and she lets out a husky teasing laugh.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE
dialog: Well do it faster.
text: She focuses on the ceiling fan; the blades whirring noisily.
speaker_heading: EVA PHONE VOICE
dialog: You want me to do it faster?
text: 0.S. Eva giggling sexily.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Eva eating alone, marooned and lonesome.
dialog: 13.
text: A couple of local Lotharios check Eva out from the bar, she
text: ignores them.
text: She watches a young pretty Spanish couple dining nearby,
text: laughing noisily, doting on their rambunctious kids.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: This is stupid... come home.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: You know I can’t... it’s only a
dialog: couple more weeks...
scene_heading: INT. ARRIVALS, JFK - DAY
text: ON THE SOUNDTRACK ‘Sweet Dreams are made of this’ by the
text: Eurythmics’ crackles from a car radio.
text: Eva searches the sea of waiting faces beyond the barrier,
text: drivers wave name signs.
text: She frowns, he’s not there.
scene_heading: INT. JFK - DAY
text: Eva rushes through the airport, something catches her eye.
text: A LARGE STAND OF SHINY NEW ‘A WING AND A PRAYER’ TRAVEL
speaker_heading: GUIDES
text: She smiles at a YOUNG GIRL with a backpack who’s perusing
dialog: them.
text: The girl flips the book over. Eva’s face smiles back at her
dialog: from the book jacket...”“written and researched by Eva
dialog: Kachadourian”
text: The girl double takes, but Eva has already disappeared into
dialog: the crowd.
text: Eva’s face full frame, she allows herself a private,
text: satisfied smile.
scene_heading: EXT. YELLOW CAB, BROOKLYN BRIDGE - DUSK
text: BIG WIDE SHOT, SWARMING CARS, A GLORIOUS SUNSET REFLECTS OFF
text: THE MANHATTAN SKYLINE... “Sweet dreams are made of this...”
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Turn it up...turn it up!
text: The music grows louder and continues over the following
dialog: scenes.
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB - TRIBECA - DUSK
text: Eva’s face reflected in her compact mirror, applying some lip
text: gloss... tousling her hair sexily.
text: Almost there. She redirects the driver, this is her city, she
dialog: knows her way around.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIBECA STREET, NYC - EARLY EVENING
text: The cab pulls up and Eva gets out.
text: A handsome young BROKER GUY whose passing rushes up to help
text: her with her bags, flirting a little as he helps her inside
text: the entrance of an industrial looking building.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: A whirring noise and a clunk.
text: Eva chuckles to herself and thuds her foot on the floor of
text: the dilapidated elevator, it swims up unsteadily to her
dialog: floor.
text: She pulls the grate back excitedly and steps into the
text: apartment, dragging her bags in after her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Franklin?
scene_heading: THE MUSIC STOPS SUDDENLY
speaker_heading: SLIGHT TIME CUT
text: She glances at the breakfast dishes still strewn messily over
text: the counter beside an open newspaper. Looking a little
text: forlorn as her tinny voice resounds back at her...
scene_heading: EVA'S VOICE ON ANSWER MACHINE
dialog: Sorry babe everything’s delayed
dialog: -..Can’t wait to see you... (beep)
dialog: And don’t bother picking anything
dialog: up...I’m gonna cook you a..
dialog: 15.
text: Eva’s finger abruptly presses STOP on the player.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Eva huffily scrapes the remains of dinner into the trash, the
text: plates clash noisily into the sink.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Eva sits at the kitchen table, bored, unwrapping a little
text: ornament, a Spanish man in a Sombrero stood in a barrel. She
text: presses the button on it’s base, the barrel shoots down and a
text: big wooden penis painted red at the tip springs out.
text: She sets it off again a couple of times until the joke isn’t
dialog: funny any more.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: It’s dark and feels late.
text: Eva skulks across the room, she trips over something and
text: almost falls flat on her face.
text: She picks up an aging boxer’s jump rope, scowling with
dialog: irritation.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Jesus Franklin!
text: But Franklin’s not there, Eva looks a little silly as her
text: voice echoes around the empty loft.
text: She throws herself down on the couch, curling the rope
text: absentmindedly in her fingers.
speaker_heading: LATER STILL
text: Eva glances at the clock, it’s way past midnight.
dialog: Right, that’s it. Car crash. He’s dead.
text: She gets up and grabs the phone, her hand hovering over the
dialog: nine of 911.
text: She drops the receiver back in place. C’mon Eva, don’t be
dialog: ridiculous, get yourself together.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING AREA - LATER STILL
text: O.S. The sound of the elevator grinding to a halt three feet
text: below the entrance to the loft.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Aw crap!
text: Franklin will swear at the elevator every time he enters the
dialog: loft.
text: The elevator grate wrenches open and an exhausted and totally
text: soaked FRANKLIN stumbles in carrying a large camera bag and
text: knapsack.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Why the hell didn’t you call!
text: He looks surprised and holds up his hands apologetically.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Our van broke down, twice. We
dialog: weren’t near a phone...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (Shaking with anger)
dialog: You could have found one if you
dialog: tried...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I did try.
text: Eva looks doubtful, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jesus Eva, I’m surprised..
text: Eva frowns at him, confused. He turns his back on her, pulls
text: a beer from the fridge and pops it.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: ...I mean my wife coming home is
dialog: hardly a special occasion these
dialog: days...
text: Something comes hurling towards him and he ducks, it hits the
text: wall and bounces onto the floor, it’s the novelty Spaniard
text: and the lewd penis pops out. Franklin’s laugh is silenced by
text: Eva’s glare... but his grin is infectious and she can’t help
text: but laugh too...they both break into hysterics.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: A pulsing red neon light from the Chinese restaurant across
text: the block strobes into the room, alternately bathing the
text: scene in it’s glow or leaving it obscured in darkness.
dialog: 17.
text: RED: At first glance it looks like Eva and Franklin are
text: locked in a violent tussle as they furiously tear each others
text: clothes off.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: RED: Eva pulls Franklin’s damp T-shirt over his head and they
text: fall back on the bed, wriggling nakedly.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: RED: Urgent and visceral in their movements as if they want
text: to consume one another. They roll around in a tangle then she
text: moves on top of him. She leans down, kissing his neck. She
dialog: can’t get close enough.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: LATER -POST COITAL.
text: Eva is dozy eyed but contemplative, the trace of a smile on
text: her lips.
text: The black/red light flashes on and off like a warning signal.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sleepily, mumbled)
dialog: I didn’t put in my diaphragm.
text: Franklin stirs and rolls over, looking at her disoriented.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Is it safe?
text: Eva giggles.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (affecting a German accent)
dialog: Is it safe?
text: Franklin laughs.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (in a poor Dustin Hoffman
dialog: impression)
dialog: No it’s not safe, it’s very
dialog: dangerous. Be careful.
text: They both laugh and he pulls her into his arms.
dialog: 18.
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: O.S. Pee bouncing around in the bowl.
speaker_heading: FRANLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Last night you didn’t just forget?
text: Eva peers over the quilt, sleepy eyes, huh?
text: She shakes her head coyly.
text: Franklin appears, lifting her off of the bed, leaving her
text: impression on the empty, crushed pillow.
text: Her feet twirl into frame as he spins her round. Her toes
text: wriggle girlishly.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: That's great!
text: He dumps her back down, kissing her deeply, then leaves her,
text: face flushed, bouncing up and down on the mattress.
text: O.S. Him bawling out ‘Born in the USA’ over the dull thud of
dialog: the shower.
text: Eva rolls her eyes at his cheesiness.
text: Her eyes drift to the window, the sky is dark, grey clouds
text: gathering ominously. Her smile starts to fade and is replaced
text: by a slightly apprehensive look.
text: It starts to rain.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S OFFICE - EVENING
text: Rain pours down a window. It’s getting dark.
text: Eva sits in her office behind a glass partition looking out
text: at a newly decorated space. Graphic pictures of exotic places
text: and enlarged framed covers of ‘A Wing and a Prayer’ lean
text: against the walls ready to be hung.
text: She watches as a painter folds his ladder up and waves to her
text: on his way out. A camp looking guy with a satchel bag hung
text: round him, pokes his head round the door...
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Looks great huh?...Eva’s empire.
dialog: 19.
text: Eva smiles.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: You want me to lock up...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: It’s OK you go. I'll do it.
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: Eva stands at the door and takes a final look round the
text: almost finished’ modern space’. The shiny new desks and state
text: of the art computers... She smiles to herself, a glimmer of
text: pride in her eyes, then something else... apprehension?
text: Her hand reaches for the light switch and the fluorescents
text: lazily flicker off... just at that moment a clap of thunder
text: outside merges with..
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A THUNDEROUS ROAR, LIGHTS FLICKERING ON AND OFF AS THE SUBWAY
text: CARRIAGE SHUDDERS SHAKILY ALONG THE TRACKS.
text: O.S. Garbled drunken ravings merge into singing.
text: A grimy drunk tramp wobbles unsteadily through the carriage,
text: ignored by the other passengers, he obviously stinks. He
text: almost falls into an empty seat.
text: He garbles on unintelligibly, then in a moment of lucidity he
text: gestures dramatically round the carriage.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: We’re all the same, me and you...
dialog: We all come from somebody’s cunt...
text: He cackles at himself..
speaker_heading: TRAMP (0.S.)
dialog: (almost weeping with
dialog: laughter)
dialog: We all come from somebody’s cunt!
text: Eva glances round the carriage of tired irritable passengers,
text: the tramps words echoing.
text: CLOSE UP on faces, all different, shapes, colors, sizes...
text: The light flickers out again as the train roars into a
dialog: tunnel.
text: BLACK. The repetitive clack, clack of the train on the rails.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING AREA - MORNING
text: The crockery on the work surface rattles rhythmically.
scene_heading: VOICE ON ANSWER PHONE
dialog: Eva? ...Eva pick up, it’s
dialog: urgent....we’ve got twenty minutes
dialog: to approve the proofs. Call me.
text: Eva hands roam awkwardly for a space amongst the dirty
text: dishes. The salt cellar falls over.
text: Franklin's face is screwed up in concentration and effort as
text: he pumps away forcefully behind her.
text: As he pushes into her, her palm presses into a gooey mess of
text: ketchup and leftover bacon on a greasy plate.
text: Franklin groans and comes.
text: O.S. The sound of Franklin zipping and buckling up.
text: He looks at his watch then leans in and gives her a quick
text: peck on the cheek.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Shit, sorry babe, gotta go...
text: He turns and hurriedly grabs his camera bag.
text: O.S. The sound of the elevator cranking open.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: See you later...I love you.
text: O.S. The doors clank shut...
text: Leaving Eva still standing legs akimbo with her panties round
text: her ankles. She looks at her ketchup stained hands with
text: disgust and wipes them on a dish cloth before bending to pull
text: up her knickers. She sighs and starts to tidy the breakfast
dialog: things.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: O.S. The dull thud of a jump rope sounds over a loud TV.
text: A stream of bloody pee runs into the toilet bowl.
text: Eva breathes a sigh of... relief?
dialog: 21.
text: She pulls up her knickers and washes her hands.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING/KITCHEN AREA - NIGHT
text: Franklin has his back to Eva, he’s dressed in an ancient 70’s
text: rock band T and shorts, skipping in front of the blaring TV,
text: soaked with sweat.
text: Eva walks to the kitchen area, flicks the switch of the
text: kettle and reaches into the cupboard. Almost instantly
text: Franklin is behind her, his sweaty body rubbing into hers.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Not now....I got my period.
text: She turns to him, making an effort to look regretful when she
text: see’s a flicker of disappointment cross his face.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Never mind, we’ll just keep trying
dialog: hey?
text: He takes her in his arms. Eva’s face visible over his
text: shoulder looks less than enthusiastic.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING AREA - NIGHT.
text: Eva’s head visible over Franklin's burly shoulders is lodged
text: awkwardly up against the arm of the sofa, she winces a little
text: as Franklin’s piston like fucking intensifies.
dialog: “Ker-bang, ker-bang, ker-bang...”
speaker_heading: LATER
speaker_heading: VOICE ON THE TV (0.S.)
dialog: .-and so after this arduous,
dialog: prodigious struggle the female
dialog: salmon finally reach their
dialog: destination
text: Tight on Eva, staring at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Do you think you'll miss it?...just
dialog: the two of us?
text: She turns to look at Franklin whose sprawled, head back and
text: snoring lightly. She studies his open mouth, drool collecting
text: in the corner. He farts loudly and rolls over.
dialog: 22.
text: Eva grimaces and turns her attention to the TV.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON THE TV (0.S.)
dialog: ..+.-and can lay their eggs ready to
text: be fertilized by the waiting males.
dialog: Unfortunately for them once the
dialog: task is complete they will die,
text: leaving a feast for the waiting
dialog: birds and maybe even the bears...
text: Shots on the TV of milky eyed, greasy looking dead fish lying
text: belly up in the water...
text: She grabs the remote and flicks the channel.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - EARLY EVENING
text: Eva throws herself down on the sofa and takes a deep slug
text: from a glass of red wine. A huge new book lies open on the
text: coffee table. THE EVERYTHING PREGNANCY AND NUTRITION GUIDE.
text: She picks it up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (American Info-mercial Voice)
dialog: Twenty things you should do before
dialog: you get pregnant.
dialog: Just say no to partying...Give that
dialog: cup of Joe the old heave - ho.
text: The patronizing text quickly induces another slug of wine.
scene_heading: O.S. THUNK.
text: She looks up to see Franklin, head buried in the fridge
text: throwing a big chunk of her bluest, stinkiest cheese into the
dialog: trash.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey! What the hell?
text: She snaps the book closed.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That’s my favorite!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: If you’re gonna do something...
text: She rolls her eyes and pads down the hall with the glass of
text: wine still in her hand.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: And easy on El Vino from now on...
speaker_heading: EVA
text: (under her breath as she
text: walks into the bedroom)
dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S CAR - DAY
text: Eva drives distractedly, she glances at her handbag which
text: sits on the passenger seat, a sealed pickle jar pokes out of
text: the bag, the greasy yellow contents swilling around with the
text: movement of the car.
text: O.S. The loud honk of a horn.
text: Eva looks up, she’s rapidly approaching a line of stationary
text: traffic at a stop sign.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Shit!
text: She stamps on the brakes. Her bag slides forward on the seat,
text: teetering on the edge. Eva reaches for it and grabs it before
text: it falls, breathing a sigh of relief.
scene_heading: INT. SURGERY - DAY
text: O.S. The sound of blood rushing in her ears as Eva’s vision
text: blurs for a second, she swoons forward, her head between her
dialog: knees.
text: Eva’s ankles and shoes full frame against the white tiled
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: DR. RHINESTIEN (0.S.)
dialog: Are you okay?... Eva... this should
dialog: be good news...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING AREA - EVENING
text: Hands straightening up the dishes on a beautifully laid out
text: table until it looks perfect...but looking closer the hands
dialog: are shaking...
speaker_heading: PULL OUT;
dialog: 24.
text: Dressed in the simple white smock, with little make -up on
text: Eva looks fresh and young. The picture postcard of a
dialog: wholesome mother to be.
text: O.S. The cranking of the elevator.
text: She rushes to the kitchen counter, pretending to busy herself
text: with the salad, her back turned to the elevator.
text: Franklin walks into the apartment, takes the scene in and
text: immediately stops in his tracks.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You’re pregnant.
text: Eva turns and flushes. She can’t conceal her disappointment
text: at having lost her big moment. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Looks that way.
speaker_heading: LATER -
text: Eva picks up a waiting champagne bottle from it’s ice bucket
text: and goes to fill Franklin’s glass but he covers it with his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey, c’mon, we’re in this together.
text: He grins and picks up the cranberry juice, pouring himself a
text: healthy glass, holding it up for a toast.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: La chaim!
text: They clink glasses and Eva takes a swig, barely managing to
text: disguise a grimace at the disappointingly sickly sweet taste
dialog: of the juice.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Welcome to your new life!
text: Eva grins, but as Franklin digs into his meal she looks with
text: a little regret at the discarded champagne bottle.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: O.S. Franklin whistling cheerfully from the bathroom.
dialog: 25.
text: Eva pulls off her white dress and looks at her flat stomach
text: in the mirror running her hand over it ruefully.
speaker_heading: TIME JUMP.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hands rifling through the wardrobe rail flicking passed
text: endless hangers, rejecting them all.
text: Eventually a smart rain coat is pulled out.
text: Eva stands in front of the mirror with the coat on.
text: From the front it looks OK but when she turns to the side it
text: looks ridiculous, she can’t even belt it. She casts it aside
text: on the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. EVA WALKING THROUGH SOHO - DAY
text: Close in. High heel shoes clacking in front of Eva,
text: The back of a WOMAN wearing a trench coat like the one Eva
text: couldn't fit. All male heads turn as she passes.
scene_heading: EXT COFFEE VENDOR - DAY.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Double espresso please.
text: The woman at the counter looks at Eva’s growing bump and
text: raises her eyebrows.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You sure?...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Yes I’m sure.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE EVA’S APARTMENT - DAY.
text: Eva struggling with too many grocery bags whilst trying to
text: fish in her purse for her keys.
text: She sees the young cute BROKER GUY passing (who helped her
text: with her luggage on her return from Spain).
text: Eva looks at him expectantly but he doesn’t even notice her
text: and walks right past.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - EARLY EVE.
text: Franklin stumbles into the apartment, his face obscured by
text: boxes of toys. Eva rushes to greet him but he walks right
text: past her, down the hall to the baby room.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey come and check it out, I got
dialog: some cool stuff...
text: Eva follows him looking a little forlorn.
scene_heading: INT. ANTI-NATAL CLASS - DAY
speaker_heading: CLASS TUTOR (0.S.)
dialog: And one, two, three. And breathe.
text: Mothers sit cross legged on the floor, eyes closed with their
text: partners hugging them from behind.
text: Eva and Franklin are amongst them, Eva is the only one with
text: her eyes open.
text: Snorts of released air, resound around her.
speaker_heading: CLASS TUTOR
text: (her face raised to the
dialog: heavens)
dialog: Feel the baby deep inside...Feel
dialog: the deep maternal bond. The
text: miraculous and transcendental bond.
dialog: And breathe.
text: Eva rolls her eyes and scans the class, studying the other
text: women’s blissful expressions. She can’t help but break into
text: nervous involuntary giggles. Franklin laughs a little with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Hey, shhhh, c’mon.
speaker_heading: CLASS TUTOR
dialog: And relax...OK Guys, that’s it for
dialog: now...
dialog: (she smiles benevolently)
dialog: See you all next week.
text: The pregnant woman and their partners open their eyes, they
text: all start to clap.
dialog: 27.
text: Eva stares around at the others blankly.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S PICK UP - DAY
text: The pick up pulls up at the lights.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey what do you think about Selim?
text: Franklin frowns at her.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You’ve got to be kidding. Selim
dialog: Plaskett!?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: No... Selim Khachadourian has more
text: of a ring.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yeah it has the ring of a kid
dialog: that’s not related to me.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Funny that’s exactly how Peter
dialog: Plaskett sounds to me.
text: The light changes and they pull away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EARLY EVENING.
text: Franklin's pick up pulls up and they both get out.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: ...my parents would have a cow.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I just don’t see why I should get
dialog: varicose veins for a
dialog: Plaskett...It’s a gross name.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: So that’s why you didn’t take it
dialog: when we got married. You hate my
dialog: name!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I don’t hate it...it’s just
dialog: so...American. I mean...
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: OK tell you what if it’s a boy
dialog: ‘Plaskett’, if it’s a girl you can
dialog: have ‘Khachadourian’.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So a girl doesn’t matter to you...
text: He raises his hands and interrupts.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: OK ok, if it’s a girl Plaskett. But
dialog: on one condition, none of this
dialog: Selim Souvlaki stuff for the first
dialog: name. Something AMERICAN. Deal?
text: Eva laughs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK deal.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING; SOME MONTHS LATER.
text: Eva in bed Alone. Swollen; sweating.
text: A print of Degas’s backstage dancers. Eva stares at the
text: girls, who seem to somehow be mocking her in return.
text: Eva closes her eyes, praying for the sickening moment to
dialog: pass.
text: Franklin enters the darkened room and sits on the bed.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Promise me you won’t go to work
dialog: today.
text: Eva is about to protest.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Promise.
text: Eva nods imperceptibly. Franklin kisses her on the forehead
text: then rises and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Why don’t you fix up the nursery if
dialog: you're bored. You’ve hardly looked
dialog: at it.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - DAY
text: Eva wanders around aimlessly, enjoying the late afternoon
text: sunshine. She looks a lot fresher but clearly at a loose end.
text: She passes a shelf stacked with records and flicks through
text: them, slides out a Billy Joel album, smiles at the cheesy
text: cover and returns it to the shelf. She rubs her bulging
dialog: belly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey Kid...Lets hope you have better
dialog: taste in music than the old man
dialog: huh?
text: She flicks to the back of the stack, her old ‘single life’
dialog: records.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Aha!
text: She pulls out, Talking heads; ‘Speaking in Tongues’.
text: Eva sets the needle on the record and ‘Burning down the
text: house’ bursts into the room, she whacks the volume up, herky-
text: jerkying awkwardly, and humming along.
text: She catches her reflection in the mirror and pushes out her
text: huge bump comically.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You’d better not give me stretch
dialog: marks...you little bastard.
text: She holds her big belly in her hands and steps awkwardly onto
text: the couch, jumping up and down in time to the music.
text: SCRREECH. The music stops, the needle dragged off the record.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey!
text: She turns mid leap to see Franklin glowering at her.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What the fuck are you doing, trying
dialog: to have a miscarriage?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Having a good time for once, is
dialog: that illegal?
dialog: 30.
text: She plonks herself down on the couch.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Awww...Stop feeling sorry for
dialog: yourself and grow up...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What’s the matter Franklin? Am I
dialog: not playing mommies and daddies
dialog: right? Christ, if I’d known that’s
dialog: what you were expecting I wouldn’t
dialog: have bothered.
text: Franklin’s face turns beet red.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (quietly furious)
dialog: It’s too late for second thoughts
dialog: now Eva.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: O.S. The sound of running water.
text: Eva appears from the bathroom, passes the door of the new
text: nursery, hesitates, then pushes it open.
text: The room is full of boxes, the crib set up in the middle of
text: the floor, caught in the glow of the street lights.
text: She pulls the baby blanket from the crib, draping it round
text: her shoulder and twists the mobile hanging above it.
text: She sits on one of the boxes, the simplistic chimes of
text: ‘Twinkle, twinkle little star’ play round endlessly.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: O.S. Animalistic, unearthly moans.
speaker_heading: DR RHIENSTEIN (0.S.)
dialog: Eva, you’re resisting.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (a furious screech)
dialog: It’s killing me...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Lights? a light, a singular, blinding light.
dialog: 31.
text: Tight on Franklin’s big hand held in Eva's vice like grip,
text: till it’s painful, white knuckled, about to be mashed to a
text: pulp and then it’s.... suddenly released.
text: Pan down from the big white light to find a baby kicking
text: furiously in space, ugly and red like a peeled monkey, held
text: up by disembodied hands for Eva’s inspection.
text: The thing is plopped flaccidly on her stomach and she cranes
dialog: to look at it.
text: It studies her back, a disgruntled ‘old man’s face’. It’s
text: black hole of a mouth screeching at the top of it’s lungs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (mumbled automatically)
dialog: He’s beautiful.
text: The nurse helps to guide the baby to Eva’s nipple but it
text: wriggles away from it in fury.
speaker_heading: NURSE(O.S.)
dialog: Don’t worry...they don’t always
dialog: take to it first time...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: (choked up)
dialog: Can I?
text: He leans in ever so gently, picks him up.
dialog: It’s love at first sight.
text: Franklin closes his eyes and presses his cheek against the
text: baby’s, who stops screaming.
text: Eva watches them bond, at a loss for what to say or do.
text: Feeling remote from the whole thing... she looks
dialog: blank/bored/lost.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (looking up at Eva)
dialog: Kevin?...
text: An exhausted Eva nods almost imperceptibly. Franklin smiles,
text: returning his attention to his bundle of joy.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Kevin...
dialog: (magnanimously)
dialog: Katchadourian.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 32.
text: A distant wail, like a lone siren builds and builds into an
text: unearthly roar.
text: FADE UP ON: the Tribeca loft, viewed from the street below.
text: The sound of a baby crying resounds round the block... if not
dialog: the whole neighborhood.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE
dialog: (through a mouthful of
dialog: lunch)
dialog: It says here...smile at your baby
dialog: often. The baby will mimic you and
dialog: smile back.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: Kevin’s face screwed up in anger and almost turning purple
text: from the effort as he screams incessantly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (not convinced)
dialog: Really?...
text: Eva smiles desperately at Kevin.
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: Eva jiggles up and down on the spot stiffly, awkwardly.
text: Sensing her unease, Kevin’s screams intensify.
text: She scoops a breast from her open shirt and offers him one of
text: her already raw looking nipples.
text: He takes it in his mouth for a second before turning away and
text: spewing out the milk in a bluish dribble.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Kevin still wailing, kicks his legs wildly as he lays on his
text: back on the changing table, Eva checks his dry diaper and
text: reseals it.
text: She puts him back in his crib and waves the mobile at him but
text: he kicks it away in fury.
speaker_heading: MUCH LATER;
dialog: 33.
text: Eva pacing up and down the loft cooing, humming and jiggling
text: the screaming bundle in her arms.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Goo goo goo, gah gah... (her forced
dialog: smile drops) Please be quiet...
dialog: please...
text: O.S. A ping, and the grinding crank of the elevator as it
text: ascends from the first floor.
text: As if on cue, Kevin falls silent. Eva’s mouth falls open in
text: shock, gingerly she creeps to the cot and lays the baby down
dialog: with infinite care.
text: O.S. The elevator grate grinds open.
text: Franklin bounds in, another stuffed toy under one arm, piles
text: of prints from work under the other.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How’s my little man, huh?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Please, don’t wake him, he’s only
dialog: just...
text: She winces as Franklin takes Kevin in his arms but the baby
text: stays miraculously silent, nestling quietly in Franklin's
text: huge arms. He coos and grins a bit more before looking up.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Any better on the feeding?
text: Eva shakes her head listlessly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Rhinestein says it might be a diet
dialog: thing. I'll try cutting a couple of
dialog: things out.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (instantly returning his
dialog: attention to the baby)
dialog: Well we want our boy to grow up big
dialog: and strong don’t we? Yes we do.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE THE LOFT - MORNING
text: Franklin swings his bag over his shoulder as he leaves the
dialog: apartment building.
dialog: 34.
text: He looks up to see Eva watching him from the loft windows. He
text: waves and blows her a kiss before climbing into the pickup.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - MORNING
text: Eva waves to Franklin and watches as he drives off, tooting
text: his horn.
text: A prodigious screech from behind her as kevin starts up
dialog: again.
text: Eva walks leadenly over to the crib and picks him up.
scene_heading: INT. A CAFE - DAY
text: A young waitress strains to hear Eva’s order over the
text: constant screams emanating from the pram next to her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (exhausted, thinner)
dialog: Do you have any gluten free bread?
text: The bored waitress shakes her head.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Ok, a bowl of plain pasta, no
dialog: chilli no garlic... and a green
dialog: salad, hold the dressing.
text: The waitress nods and scoots off.
text: Eva jiggles the pram uselessly, Kevin seems to redouble his
dialog: efforts.
text: Other diners turn and give unfriendly glances which Eva tries
dialog: to ignore.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: For Christ’s sake, Somebody, shut
dialog: that kid up!
text: An old woman leans over from the next table.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Have you tried feeding him honey?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (trying to keep her cool)
dialog: Yes I’ve tried feeding him.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Well... he sure sounds hungry to
dialog: me...
text: Enough. Eva slams a twenty from her purse on the table and
text: storms off just as the waitress reappears clutching a
text: steaming bowl.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Hey, what about your...?
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: A juggler’s glass balls jump into the air distorting his
text: pudgy face and tell tale alcoholic’s nose, as he recites a
text: ‘right on’ little mantra, part of his ‘act’, surrounded by
dialog: kids and moms.
speaker_heading: JUGGLER
dialog: Children will show love. If you
dialog: show them love. Children will grow
dialog: up to be strong when surrounded by
dialog: strength...
text: Eva pushes Kevin still screaming in his buggy to the back of
text: the crowd. The juggler looks irritated but continues, raising
text: his voice considerably.
speaker_heading: JUGGLER
dialog: Children will be...
dialog: (shouting now)
dialog: Children will be patient. If you
dialog: show them understanding. Children
dialog: will be...
text: The juggler glares at Kevin’s balled up face, he’s rapidly
text: losing business. Eva, feeling like a leper, wheels Kevin
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DAY
text: Eva looks exhausted as she pushes the pram out of the park;
text: the walk has done nothing to settle her nerves or Kevin's,
text: he’s still screaming blue murder.
text: She passes a group of construction workers digging up the
text: road. A pneumatic drill hammering up the tarmac.
text: Eva stops on the sidewalk and looks down at Kevin's twisted
text: face, his incessant bawling drowned out by the drill.
dialog: 36.
text: She stands stock still, closes her eyes, drinking in the
text: moment of respite provided by the noise. Passers by throw
text: questioning glances but Eva’s oblivious to them all.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: Eva stands over the sink, sweaty and pale.
text: O.S. Kevin crying in the background.
text: She winces as she removes a breast pump from her tender
dialog: nipple.
text: She makes towards the cot, pauses, she can’t face it.
text: She switches on the radio, Beethoven at his most jubilant
text: blasts out for a moment it covers the sound of the screams.
text: Then the crying just gets louder.
text: Eva turns up the radio.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Kevin on his back in the crib, pauses a moment for breath
text: then starts again, prodigious wailing louder than ever
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Eva’s hand as she turns the volume up on the radio.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Kevin flings his arms wide, his back arched as he pushes out
text: an even louder yell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Eva twists the volume up further still, classical music
text: booming round the loft.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Close up on Kevin’s mouth, a bottomless black hole - as the
text: roaring gets louder and louder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Eva turns the volume up full, the music painfully loud.
text: Kevin’s screams only vaguely audible in the background. She
text: throws herself down on the couch.
dialog: 37.
dialog: Stalemate.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING AREA -EARLY EVENING
text: Eva looks dreadful, almost catatonic, curled up on the sofa,
text: with a blanket draped around her shoulders seemingly
text: oblivious to the unending screaming.
text: Feeling a sudden sharp stab of pain in her breast, she opens
text: her robe and examines a small bright red patch of tender skin
text: developing under her swollen cracked nipple.
text: O.S. The elevator pings and Kevin immediately falls silent.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That's right, daddy’s home.
text: Franklin walks in and drops his bags with barely a glance at
text: Eva, he immediately makes a beeline for Kevin's crib.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey, sorry I’m late just got called
dialog: in on another job. Seems I’m more
dialog: popular than ever...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He’s outdone himself today.
text: Franklin leans in and picks up Kevin, who stays sound asleep,
text: his face content.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can’t believe this little angel
dialog: could have been grouchy all day.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You think I’m exaggerating...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I didn’t say that.
text: She waddles towards him with the blanket still wrapped round
text: her, following him into the kitchen area.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You realize that John downstairs is
dialog: threatening to move out.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: John’s a fag and fag’s don’t like
dialog: babies.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (cont'd)
dialog: This whole city’s anti-child...I’m
text: only just beginning to notice.
text: Kevin rouses and quietly takes the bottle offered by
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: See? He seems pretty good natured
dialog: to me...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He’s not good natured he’s
dialog: exhausted, and so am I. I think I
dialog: might be coming down with
dialog: something.
text: He holds a hand to her forehead briefly, perfunctorily.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Touch warm. Go get some rest I’‘1l
dialog: fix dinner.
text: She shuffles back to the couch, looking a little crest fallen
text: at Franklin’s lack of attention.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Look Eva...If you’re having trouble
dialog: coping we could always hire
dialog: someone...
text: He plods off to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - EVENING
text: The bathroom door opens and Eva emerges, huddled in her
text: blanket, a thermometer poking out from under her tongue. She
text: takes it out and tries to focus.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Here you read it, everything's a
text: bit blurry.
text: Eva swoons, Franklin runs and catches her in his spare arm.
text: He puts down Kevin, ignoring his instant screams and scoops
text: Eva up in his arms, carrying her to the couch.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I’m so sorry! You’re sick, you're
dialog: really sick.
dialog: 39.
text: Eva’s POV looking up at Franklin’s concerned face looming
text: over her.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: DR RHIENSTEIN (0.S.)
dialog: Double Mastitis...very rare
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY.
speaker_heading: DR RHIENSTEIN (0.S.)
dialog: ...I’m afraid we’ll have to keep
dialog: you here for at least a week...
text: O.S. The door closing.
text: Eva lies in bed, exhausted and still sore. A simply
text: furnished, pristine white room. But it’s quiet, blissfully
dialog: quiet.
text: She smiles to herself and lies back, pulling the sheets up
text: carefully over her raw breasts and closing her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL LOT - DAY
text: Franklin lifts Eva (whose clutching a huge bunch of flowers)
text: ever so gently out of a wheelchair and into the passenger
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: Is that OK honey?
text: Eva nods, she looks exhausted but is clearly appreciating the
dialog: attention.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S PICK UP - DAY.
text: Eva smiles, enjoying the feeling of the breeze from the open
text: window as the truck pulls out of the hospital lot onto the
dialog: freeway.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I thought her name was Carlotta?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh her... didn’t work out.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What, you sacked her?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You mean she quit?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: After one day, can you believe it?
text: Eva looks like she can believe it, Franklin moves on swiftly.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: ..-But Siobhan has turned out to be
dialog: a total godsend.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MORNING.
text: Eva wakes up, fuzzy and disoriented.
text: O.S. The sound of laughter, a high pitched female voice.
text: She pulls herself out of bed, the blankets have left imprints
text: on her face and her bed head hair stands comically on end.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: Eva pads quietly into the hall, she looks up and stops .
text: Hazy sunlight catches Franklin’s relaxed smile. He strokes
text: Kevin’s head whilst SIOBHAN (21), a plump dark haired girl
text: holds him, rocking him gently.
dialog: For once Kevin is_not crying. It’s a vision of a perfect,
text: happy family. She watches the scene for a moment then
text: retreats quietly back to the bedroom.
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH AVENUE - EVENING
text: Eva pushes through a sea of people, rush hour.
speaker_heading: EVA PHONE VOICE
dialog: Hey Siobhan... so sorry I’m late
dialog: again. Leaving now. Be back in an
dialog: hour....Hope you’re feeling better.
text: She checks her watch and quickly dodges into an expensive
dialog: looking accessories store.
text: She peruses a couple of shelves before pulling out a gorgeous
text: oriental silk shawl.
dialog: 4l.
text: She checks the price tag and whistles through her teeth. Fuck
text: it. She takes it to the counter to pay.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - EVENING
text: TIGHT ON SIOBHAN, she looks exhausted but still managing to
text: smile as she bounces Kevin on her hip, he’s screaming blue
dialog: murder.
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
text: (unwrapping the scarf and
dialog: shouting over the
dialog: wailing)
dialog: Oh my god, Eva, it’s beautiful...
dialog: you really shouldn't have.
scene_heading: INT. TRENDY SOHO RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: TIGHT ON BRIAN (A FRIEND) talking excitedly, his hands
text: flapping, totally absorbed.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What I hadn't realized, is that you
dialog: fall in love with your own
dialog: children. You don’t just love them,
dialog: you fall in love. And that moment,
dialog: when you lay your eyes on them for
dialog: the first time - it’s...
dialog: indescribable...
text: Franklin and LOUISE (BRIAN’S WIFE) nod approvingly, their
text: eyes misting over slightly, playing back private memories.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (turning to Eva)
dialog: What about you, can you remember
dialog: it, that moment?
text: Joining the conversation with a jolt, she was miles away.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (shrugging, searching for
dialog: words )
dialog: Yeah you’re right...indescribable..
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT BATHROOM - EVENING
text: Eva and Louise enter cubicles mid conversation.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: LOUISE (0.S.)
dialog: (inside her cubicle)
dialog: Well Franklin is just over the moon
dialog: isn’t he... gonna make a great
dialog: dad... you must be so happy...
text: Eva in the privacy of her own cubicle doesn’t look so sure.
text: An awkward silence.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - LATER
text: Eva returns quietly to her seat.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Well it’s never gonna change
dialog: much... I supply the canvas someone
dialog: else paints the picture you know?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How about you Eva? I guess the
dialog: littlest hobo is grounded for a
dialog: while huh?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Actually I was talking to marketing
dialog: last week, they’re proposing a new
dialog: guide... AFRIWAP, thought it had a
dialog: ring...
text: Franklin doesn’t say anything but his eyes show a combination
text: of surprise and annoyance.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Of course it wouldn’t happen for a
dialog: while...
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - EARLY EVENING
text: Eva slides the elevator gate open and steps into the loft,
text: it’s a bomb site, toys strewn everywhere, baby food
text: splattered on the walls.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Siobhan?
text: O.S. Muted cries from the other room, but not Kevin's.
text: Eva follows the sound, bending to pick up Siobhan’s Chinese
text: scarf from the floor, it’s torn to shreds.
dialog: 43.
text: Eva enters the bedroom, Siobhan leans over Kevin (almost one
text: and a half now) on the changing table her hair tangled and
text: caught in Kevin’s vice-like grip. She slowly manages to
text: extricate herself.
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: (wiping away a tear)
dialog: I’m sure he’s old enough to know
dialog: how much that hurts.
text: Eva grimaces.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (placating)
dialog: Let me make you a coffee.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Siobhan emerges from the bathroom. She’s straightened herself
text: up but still looks like shit. Much thinner than she was
text: before and with dark circles under her eyes.
text: She sits down at the table and stirs her coffee.
text: O.S. next door Kevin has found a rattle and his xylophone and
text: begins a hideous discordant clanking.
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: Thanks... oh by the way, we’re
text: almost out of baby food.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: (almost tearful)
dialog: It doesn’t all go in his mouth you
dialog: know!
text: A uncomfortable silence.
text: O.S. The xylophoning stops replaced by a high pitched wail.
text: Eva and Siobhan look at each other but neither makes a move
text: from the table.
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: (opening the floodgates)
dialog: Eva, I’m knackered...
text: Eva sags, she knows what’s coming next.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: -..-I mean you’ll need someone else
dialog: when you move to the burbs anyway.
text: Eva’s thrown for a moment, the burbs?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (a little desperately)
dialog: Would you like more money?
speaker_heading: SIOBHAN
dialog: The pays great Eva...
dialog: I just can’t do it anymore... every
dialog: morning I wake up...
scene_heading: INT. VIEW FROM THE WINDOW, TRIBECA LOFT - A MOMENT LATER.
text: Eva watches as Siobhan exits the apartment block frowning and
text: biting her nails, She hurries down the street, until she’s
text: almost running.
text: O.S. Kevin howls, Eva let’s him.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Eva studies Kevin through the bars of his crib. He is stood
text: up still howling and in a rage, though his cheeks are dry and
text: his black unnerving eyes seem to directly meet her gaze.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Mommy was happy before widdle Kevin
dialog: came awong, you know that don’t
dialog: you? And now Mommy wakes up
dialog: everyday and wishes she were in
dialog: France. Mommy’s life sucks now,
dialog: doesn’t Mommy’s life suck? Do you
dialog: know there are some days that Mommy
dialog: would rather be dead? Rather than
dialog: listen to you screech for one more
dialog: minute, there are some days Mommy
dialog: would jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
dialog: You’ve got daddy snowed but Mommy’s
dialog: got your number. You’re a little
dialog: shit aren’t you?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: They understand speech long before
dialog: they learn to talk.
text: Eva turns to see Franklin standing in the doorway staring at
text: her stony faced.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I don’t understand how you can
text: stand there and watch him cry.
text: He pushes past her and picks Kevin up, Kevin instantly
text: quietens.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Franklin ease up, I was only
dialog: kidding around...I’m blowing off a
dialog: little steam OK. Siobhan the saint
dialog: quit, Hear that, Siobhan quit!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Too bad, we'll get someone else.
text: Franklin walks towards the door, rocking Kevin.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look, I‘1l change
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You can steer clear until you get
dialog: your mind right, Or jump off a
dialog: bridge, whichever comes first.
text: He strides off to the kitchen, Eva trails after him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Anyway, what’s this about moving to
dialog: the suburbs, since when?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Since, i quote, “the little shit”
dialog: has got mobile... that elevator’s a
dialog: death trap.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: We can gate off the elevator!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: He needs a yard, somewhere to toss
text: a baseball, fill a pool...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: But i love New York!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You sound like a bumper sticker.
dialog: You've had twenty years to do what
dialog: you want and so have I...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well that’s great, I want to go to
dialog: Africa and you want to go to New
dialog: Jersey.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Well you can’t always get what you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yeah right. You want a house. You
dialog: want a yard. You want to coach
dialog: fucking little league.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yeah that’s right. And there’s two
dialog: of us and one of you.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, THE LOFT - MORNING
text: Eva lies on her back, eyes open, just about awake.
text: O.S. The sound of the elevator gate sliding open.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: See you tonight.
text: He doesn’t wait for an answer the gate closes and the
text: elevator descends.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (quietly, to herself)
dialog: Bye.
text: She doesn’t sit up, just lies there, staring at the ceiling.
text: Something is different, something is missing.
text: Eva sits up in bed. What is it?
text: She gets up and pads into the hall. Silence.
text: She pushes open the door to Kevin’s room. He is sitting up in
text: his crib, a ring of discarded toys chucked from it lie on the
dialog: floor.
text: Kevin’s thin pointy face regards Eva stoically. His mouth
text: closed. Silent.
text: Eva looks at him for a moment, opens her mouth to say
text: something but is at a loss for words.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - LATER
text: Eva stands at the stove fixing coffee, she feels eyes on her
text: back and turns.
text: Kevin sits in the centre of the room surrounded by ignored
text: toys staring at her silently.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hungry?
text: No sign of a response, Kevin stares blankly into the air,
text: frozen like a shop dummy.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - LATER
text: A shiny red ball rolls slowly across the floorboards and
text: comes to rest between Kevin’s splayed legs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Roll the ball to Mommy Kevin.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: EVA
text: Kevin roll the ball to Mommy...
text: He looks at Eva blankly for a moment then turns away,
text: disinterested.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR FOULKES SURGERY.
text: The doctor holds a finger in front of Kevin’s fathomless
text: eyes, they follow it lazily.
speaker_heading: DR FOULKES (0.S.)
dialog: ....-None of the tell tale
text: signs...the rocking.
scene_heading: INT. THE NURSERY - DAY
text: Eva sits cross-legged on the floor reading from a lovingly
dialog: homemade children’s book, Eva has at least found some release
dialog: for her creative instinct.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (trying hard)
dialog: E is for elephant...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: EVA (cont'd)
text: large as a house, he’s as big as
dialog: can be, not small like a mouse...
dialog: can you say elephant Kevin? El-E-
dialog: Fant...
text: She looks up; Kevin sits a little way off, his back to her,
dialog: motionless.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin... Kevin, (louder) KEVIN?
text: He does eventually turn round but so laconically it’s hard to
text: tell if he’s heard her or not.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR FOULKES SURGERY - DAY
text: BCU LIGHT SHONE IN KEVIN EAR.
speaker_heading: DR FOULKES (0.S.)
dialog: Hearing’s fine.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: The red ball rolls across the floor again, straight passed
text: Kevin who seems totally oblivious to it’s existence...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Say “ball” Kevin... Buh...Buh...
dialog: Ball.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTORS SURGERY - DAY
text: The doctors hairy hand inserts a block into a slot puzzle.
speaker_heading: DR FOULKE (0.S.)
dialog: Can you put the star in the star
dialog: shaped hole Kevin? Like this?
text: He demonstrates once more then hands the block to Kevin.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I mean shouldn’t he be talking?
speaker_heading: DR FOULKE
dialog: .. there is no “norm”... you
dialog: shouldn’t worry too much...
text: They turn their attention back to Kevin, the puzzle in front
text: of him has been completed flawlessly.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: DR FOULKE
dialog: See?
scene_heading: INT. THE BATHROOM, THE LOFT - MORNING
text: The shower curtain slides back, Eva steps out and fumbles for
text: a towel. She looks up, Kevin stands in the doorway regarding
text: Eva’s naked body with vacant disinterest. She covers herself
text: unsuccessfully with a tiny hand towel, unaccountably
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: When did you learn to walk exactly?
scene_heading: INT. DOCTORS SURGERY - DAY
text: Foulke picks up one of Kevin’s arms and lets go, it flops
text: down to his side like a wet noodle.
speaker_heading: DR FOULKE
dialog: (bemused)
dialog: He’s a floppy little boy, isn’t
dialog: he?... but there’s nothing wrong
dialog: with him.
text: Kevin stares out of the window, seemingly oblivious.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: Eva bends down, smiling broadly she tries once more... waving
text: the ball in the air in front of Kevin before rolling it
text: slowly towards him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Roll it back Kevin... roll it
dialog: back...
text: And miraculously he does, straight towards her. She catches
text: it and claps her hands with excitement.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yay...That’s it, that’s it!
text: She rolls it towards him again.
text: Kevin looks down at the ball resting between his legs then
text: back up at Eva, his face sombre.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Roll it back Kevin!
dialog: 50.
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - DAY.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (her kiddy voice becoming
dialog: more and more forced)
dialog: OK Kevin, it’s time for our juice!
text: Eva glances at him and sighs, she sets down the cup, he seems
text: so under stimulated, she walks to the corner of the room and
text: wheels the dusty TV out.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I hate to do this to you but...
text: She picks Kevin up and plonks him down in front of it.
text: A kids animation bursts onto the screen. She turns up the
dialog: volume.
text: Leaving Kevin to watch she goes back to fetch his juice from
dialog: the counter.
text: The kids show seems to bombard the room, It’s hyperactive and
text: irritating, it pounds through her head and she grimaces.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t like dat.
text: Eva looks up at Kevin in total astonishment, the back of his
text: head illuminated by the screen.
text: She rushes over, crouching down to face him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What did you say?
text: Kevin’s gaze is still firmly fixed on the TV screen.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin honey, what don’t you like?
text: He bats his hand against the TV set and Eva marvels.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t like dat. Turn it ov.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Jeez, a kid with good taste.
dialog: 51.
text: She turns off the TV and grabs an infant picture book from
text: the floor, hurriedly flicking through the pages.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look Kevin...Flo-wer...Flow-er.
dialog: Kevin Look at Mommy, look. Say...
dialog: Track-tor. Track-tor.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t like dat.
text: She turns him to face her and places both her hands on his
text: shoulders. Kevin's piercing eyes fix on hers.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin, honey. Can you say
dialog: Mommy ?
text: He stares at her solemnly. She points to herself.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Mom-mi....Mom-mi. Say Mommi Kevin.
text: His expression remains immutable.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN AND EVA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Franklin lies in bed grinning broadly as Eva undresses.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Wow, complete sentences straight
dialog: off the bat? I’ve read late
dialog: bloomers can be incredibly bright.
dialog: They're perfectionist. Don’t want
dialog: to try it out until they’ve got it
dialog: right.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOFT - DAY
text: Eva sits at the table trying to concentrate on some proofs
text: from work. Kevin sits behind her on the floor, surrounded by
text: a ring of toys. He picks them up one by one, examining each
text: briefly before flinging them across the room with all his
dialog: might.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don like dat... I don like dat...
dialog: I don’t like dat...
dialog: 52.
text: Eva throws down the page she’s looking at, she’s driven to
dialog: distraction... she doesn’t like dat much either.
text: O.S. The elevator arriving.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don like DA....
text: With a conspiratorial glance at Eva he falls completely
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Damn elevator... hey guys what’s
dialog: up?
text: He squats down next to Kevin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And did you learn any new words
dialog: today, huh? Can you say daddy? Say
dialog: daddy Kevin.
text: Kevin shakes his head once, his mouth staying resolutely
dialog: shut.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: EVA is sat on a bench, Kevin facing her in the buggy, eyeing
text: her moodily. She produces a packet of cookies from her baby
text: bag and holds one out to him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t like dat.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (Completely exasperated)
dialog: What do you like, Kevin?
text: With a glazed disinterested expression, slowly turns away.
scene_heading: INT - BATHROOM- NIGHT.
text: Eva lies against Franklin in the bath. He suddenly slides up
text: into sitting position so she has to sit up too.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Two months?...He’s only a baby!
text: Franklin steps out of the bath and wraps a towel round his
dialog: waist.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: EVA
text: He’s almost three now.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: And who’s gonna look after him?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You said you were working too hard,
dialog: you could take a break...
dialog: Anyway...I thought you wanted to
dialog: spend more time with him.
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN AFRICA - DAY
text: TRAVELING THROUGH A CLOUD OF RED DUST...A DREAM LIKE QUALITY
dialog: ....WHERE ARE WE?
text: O.S. A loud honk.
text: The dust clears revealing a placid cow standing staring
dialog: almost straight at you.
text: EVA hangs onto the side bar in the passenger seat of a Land
text: Rover, A YOUNG GUIDE, the driver honks the horn again several
text: times but the cow just blinks at them. Eventually it shuffles
text: off and the jeep pulls away, cruising through the dusty
dialog: expanse.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN PHONE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Kevin....Say hi to Mommy.... C’mon
dialog: Kevin...don’t you wan’t to talk to
dialog: Mommy? Oooff...(muffled and two
text: octaves higher after a punch in the
dialog: nuts from Kevin) Easy tiger.
speaker_heading: EVA PHONE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know what I was
dialog: thinking...It’s shooting trips for
dialog: sick millionaires or staying in a
dialog: mud hut... and the political
dialog: situation’s fucked.
dialog: I’m gonna cut my losses and come
dialog: home....
dialog: Franklin? Franklin?...Shit.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSING THROUGH A VILLAGE...LATER
text: Eva locks eyes with a beautiful African woman who’s sat by
text: the side of the road, suckling her naked child, despite the
dialog: squalor, it seems like the most natural thing in the world,
text: she looks like a serene Madonna. Her two other small children
text: make up a game of rolling an old tyre with a stick.
text: Eva smiles at the woman who doesn’t smile back, yet her gaze
text: seems to penetrate, making Eva uncomfortable. The woman bats
text: flies away from the baby’s mouth without dropping her soulful
text: eyes. The children chase the tyre screaming and whooping in
text: ecstatic delight.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DAY
text: Eva runs into the grubby airport, dropping her bags at her
text: feet as she looks up at the departure board, panels flip over
text: like cascading dominoes...‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’ ‘DELAYED’.
text: No Air-con, waiting passengers bat away flies, dishevelled in
text: the intense heat.
text: Eva covered in a film of sweat, finds the only working
text: vending machine, no water left, only Fanta orange. She takes
text: a slug from the drink. It’s warm and she almost spits it over
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: INT. JFK AIRPORT -DAY.
text: Eva’s feet pound across the airport floor.
text: She crouches down and tears spring to her eyes as she pulls
text: Kevin towards her and hugs him tightly, his arms remain at
text: his side and he’s floppy like a rag doll in her embrace.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I missed you so much...
dialog: Mommy’s never going to go away for
dialog: this long again.
text: Kevin seems to get floppier still, his head lolls back over
text: her arm until he’s almost horizontal, she pulls away from him
text: and ruffles his hair. Wiping her cheeks, she stands up and
text: hugs Franklin, they kiss passionately.
text: Kevin stamps his foot and begins to make a loud mooing sound,
text: he tugs at Franklin’s hand.
text: Franklin pulls away from the her.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look Kevin. Mommy’s got you a
dialog: present.
text: She pulls a huge wild looking African wooden mask from a
text: carrier bag, waving it in front of him, Kevin is
text: uninterested.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It might take a while Eva...kids
dialog: this age... they think you’re never
text: coming back.
text: Kevin hauls Franklin by the leg.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Urghh...urghh
text: Franklin laughs.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey I know what you want kid,
dialog: Cheese doodles!
text: Kevin stamps up and down.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S PICK UP - DAY
text: Kevin shoots Eva a crafty orange smile and fists a cheese
text: doodle into her lap.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mommer farted!..It stinks.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Don’t crumble them all over truck
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: C'mon Eva, kids’re messy, loosen
dialog: up...
scene_heading: INT. JUNIORS RESTAURANT - DAY
text: A teenage waitress with a raised brown birthmark on her cheek
text: scribbles in her order pad.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Garden salad, house dressing on the
dialog: side.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh nyeh, nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh
dialog: nyeh.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
text: A portion of onion rings.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
text: And a cheese burger.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (looking like she’d rather
dialog: kill him)
dialog: What a cute little boy.
text: The waitress moves to take an order from another table.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: How long has this been going on?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It’s just a phase. He’1ll grow out
dialog: of it.
text: Eva puts her hand over Franklin's.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look while I was away. I had a lot
dialog: of time to think, I don’t feel I'm
dialog: doing either ‘A Wing and a Prayer’
dialog: or motherhood right...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Maybe it’s time to focus more on
dialog: Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh...
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Work can take a back seat. I’m
dialog: thinking at least till he’s in
dialog: first grade.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh, Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh. Nyeh.
text: The waitress returns with a tray and sets down their food.
text: Kevin scrutinizes her birthmark.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: That lady has poop on her face.
text: Eva looks at the young waitress apologetically.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why don’t you clean your face,
dialog: It’s poopy?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m so sorry I...
text: The waitress smiles but her face turns beet red.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I'll be right back with your
dialog: dressing.
text: Eva watches as she walks back towards the kitchen with her
text: head bowed, nervously pulling strands of hair over her face.
text: Eva reels back to face Kevin.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin, that wasn’t very nice.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh NYEE nyeh nyeh nyeh.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Can we not ruin our first afternoon
dialog: together?
dialog: Anyway... I have a kind of an
dialog: announcement to make myself.
dialog: I bought us a house.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You bought us a house?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh- nyee
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You didn’t find one for me to look
dialog: at? It’s a done deal?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh, NYEH, NYEH..
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin stop it. That’s enough. Let
dialog: Mommer and Daddy talk.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: NYEH NYEH NYEE! ...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin quit it!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
scene_heading: NYEH-NYEH NYEH-NYEH!
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You’re only making it worse...
dialog: Look if I didn’t pounce it was
dialog: going to be snapped up by somebody
dialog: else. Besides you weren’t
dialog: interested. I thought you’d be
text: pleased, glad it’s over.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: There’s only so pleased I can get
dialog: about something that wasn’t my idea
text: in the first place.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
scene_heading: NYEH NYEH NYEH NYEH NYEH NYEEE
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin I mean it. If you don’t stop
dialog: Nyeh-nyehing we’re leaving.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
scene_heading: NYEH NYEH NYEH NYEH NYEH NYE...
scene_heading: NYEH NYEH NYEH-NYEH NYEH NYEE!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Stop it!
text: She leans over the table and raps him on the hand. Kevin
text: almost smiles for a moment, satisfied? Then his lip starts to
text: quiver and his face crumples up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: WHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
dialog: 59.
text: Franklin glares at her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m sorry ...I’m just tired. I am
dialog: pleased... I can’t wait to see it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh nyeh-nyee... nyeh nyeh
dialog: nyeh....Nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh
dialog: nyehnyee.
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S PICK UP, NYACK - DAY
text: Franklin drives down Palisades Parade. They pass a row of
text: houses, each more revolting and soulless than the next. MOCK
scene_heading: TUDOR, AN ASIAN STYLE MONSTROSITY, ELIZABETHAN, MOCK, MOCK,
speaker_heading: MOCK.
text: Eva looks at them with growing concern. Not that one, not
dialog: that one, please not that one.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So what’s it like?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Wait and see...
text: She gulps. They turn off into a driveway THE RANCH HOUSE
text: looms into view. A modern flat roofed structure of glass and
text: sandy brick, it looks like an institution.
dialog: She hates it on sight... the opposite of everything she’d
text: want in a home. Someone else’s dream home.
scene_heading: INT. NEW HOUSE - DAY
text: The front door swings open, Franklin beams.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don’t tell me this isn’t dramatic.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m dumbstruck.
text: Kevin looks around glumly, he slackens on Franklin’s hand
text: until he’s a dead weight.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Wanna go explore?
dialog: 60.
text: Kevin lets go of Franklin’s hand and plods off
text: unenthusiastically, reaching the middle of the immense
text: living room he plops himself down limply on the polished
text: floorboards with a glazed expression.
text: For the first time Eva can relate to him, she feels like
dialog: doing the same thing.
text: Eva looks round the huge teak panelled space... not a door in
text: sight... everything open-plan, nowhere to hide.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You've got to see the master
dialog: bedroom, the skylight’s are
dialog: spectacular.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (Brightly, forced)
dialog: Skylights!
scene_heading: INT. THE ELEVATOR, LOFT - DAY
text: Eva stands in the elevator, a last box of odds and ends in
text: her hands, she looks around the empty space ruefully, it’s
text: like saying goodbye to an old friend.
text: She pulls the hand crank and starts to descend, disappearing
dialog: from view.
scene_heading: INT. ‘RANCH HOUSE’ NYACK - MOVING IN DAY
text: SQUIRT. A jet of water splashes onto the crotch of a pair of
dialog: jeans.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You peed you pants.
text: Two skinny legs and a skinny body stick out from underneath
text: the huge scary looking African carved wooden mask.
text: Kevin looks like a demented voodoo doll in diapers. He holds
text: a squirt gun in one hand and waves it threateningly at the
text: removal man who he’s just soaked. The guy’s powerless to
text: avoid him, clutching a heavy tea chest.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin, stop squirting the nice
dialog: removal men, they’re only trying to
dialog: help.
text: Kevin aims the gun at another removal man’s butt.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I told you to stop it!
text: He drenches the man’s butt.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You peed your pants!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin, I’m not going to tell you
dialog: again!
text: She chases after him as he thuds past the man.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin if you squirt anybody one
dialog: more time. I’m taking the gun away!
text: He sprints past the removal guy he’s just soaked so she can’t
text: get close enough to grab him, then turns back to her waving
text: the gun in the air, his eyes glistening gleefully through the
text: intimidating wooden face.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: NYEH-Nyeh? Nyeh nyeh nyeh NYEE-nyeh
dialog: nyeh nyeh NYEEEEEEE!
text: He turns and thuds off round the corner, out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Kevin eyes Eva moodily as she puts his confiscated squirt gun
text: out of reach on top of a cupboard.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM TO KITCHEN —- CONTINUOUS - DAY.
text: Eva struggles into the kitchen with a box of pots and pans,
text: Kevin is perched precariously, standing on the second shelf
text: of an opened cupboard, posing as if waiting to have his
text: picture taken, his hand fumbling for his gun.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hold it right there Mister. Freeze!
text: She waits underneath him, prepared for a fall, he’s too high
dialog: for her to grab.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Franklin!....quick.
dialog: 62.
text: Franklin enters and pulls Kevin down but not before he’s
text: snatched his squirt gun back.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin’s been very very bad, we’re
dialog: going to have to take that gun away
dialog: for a long time.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Aw, you’ve earned it haven’t you
dialog: kiddo. (ruffling his hair) Man that
dialog: climb took guts, real little monkey
dialog: aren’t you?
text: Kevin shrugs away from his dad’s hand.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I’m the little Monkey.
text: He strides out of the room, gun swinging at his side, with
text: the nonchalance of an airline hijacker.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Kevin is sat at the table, systematically pulling all the
text: stuffing out of a fluffy rabbit through a small hole in it’s
text: ear. Eva puts a sandwich down in front of him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You must be hungry working so hard?
text: He doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: O.S. The toilet flushing as Eva emerges from the bathroom.
text: She looks at the kitchen table; the sandwich has gone and so
dialog: has Kevin. Huh? So that’s how it works.
scene_heading: INT. THE ONLY RECTANGULAR ROOM IN THE NEW HOUSE - DAY
text: B.C.U. Eva’s hands smooth down a beautiful vintage map of
text: Asia, as she pastes it like wallpaper to the wall and stands
text: back to admire the effect. A pile of old maps, plane tickets
text: and postcards sits next to her on the floor. This is gonna
dialog: look cool.
dialog: 63.
text: Kevin grunts and she feels his eyes boring into her as he
text: stands watching her leaning slackly in the doorway.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (as she selects another
dialog: map )
dialog: Everyone needs a room of their own.
dialog: You know how you have your room.
dialog: Well this is Mommer’s room...You’1l
dialog: see, you may want to make your room
dialog: special some day and I’1l help you
dialog: if you like.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What do you mean Special?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So it looks like your personality.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What personality?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I think you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I have to put junk on the walls?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Unless you’d rather not.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I'd rather not.
text: Eva sighs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Great, we’ve found one more thing
dialog: you don’t want to do.
text: Kevin’s face screws up a little, an odd expression followed
text: by a smile... and a stink.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh you haven’t... I only just
dialog: changed you.
text: Kevin grins with satisfaction.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Franklin has his head in a kitchen cupboard, fixing child
text: locks to the doors.
text: Eva struggles to fit a beloved old dresser into the next
text: room, the space has no flat walls, nothing fits and the
text: dilapidated dresser looks out of place amongst all the fresh,
text: clean wood panelling.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Christ doesn’t this place have any
dialog: corners?
scene_heading: INT. THE PICKUP PARKED OUTSIDE A STRIP MALL - DAY
text: Eva waits in the car with Kevin, looking at a row of phoney
text: shop fronts. A huge couple pass by stuffing their faces with
dialog: burritos.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look at the roly-pollies Kevin.
text: She only gets a scowl in return.
text: Franklin appears, his arms full of shiny new kitchen
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Have you seen “Ye Olde Sandwich
dialog: Shoppe”? Must have been built all
dialog: of six months ago.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You’re such a snob sometimes...
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Eva helps to carry the new stuff into the house, she passes a
text: brimming dumpster. Her old dresser lies amongst the funky old
text: pots and pans from the loft, her antiquated food mixer... She
text: smiles wistfully.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: O.S. Kevin can be heard smashing something up in his room.
text: Eva puts down a PB and J in front of the door as she passes.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Eva passes Kevin’s door again, her arms loaded with laundry.
text: The plate is empty, a few crumbs remain. Christ it’s like
text: feeding a dog.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S NEW STUDY - DAY
text: BCU A drill whines as it bores into the doorway of the study.
text: Eva looks up with satisfaction from her wallpaper pasting,
text: (she’s covered about half the room with maps now.) |
text: A carpenter hangs a door, pretty much the only one in the
text: house. He demonstrates the finishing touch, a large smoothly
dialog: functioning bolt.
text: Kevin sits in the corridor watching broodily.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Eva has her back turned to Kevin doing laundry.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I’ve pooped.
text: Eva turns to him with a bright smile which instantly falls
text: from her face.
text: He’s shit all over the kitchen floor the poo clinging and
text: running down his legs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Shit!
text: He shoots her a little grin.
speaker_heading: A MOMENT LATER
text: A pair of little legs are yanked from the ground, the shitty
text: shorts dangle from his foot, then drop to the floor.
text: Eva plonks him in the sink and washes him perfunctorily. He
text: seems to be enjoying it, Eva is not.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN —- MORNING
text: Eva stumbles into the kitchen, still half asleep. She starts
text: to fumble around-finding things to fix coffee. Every door is
text: clipped with a safety guard nothing opens properly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Crap.
text: O.S. Franklin and Kevin in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Kevin honey? Look at daddy, see how
text: he pee-pees in the pooper-
dialog: dooper?...
text: Eva rolls her eyes, fat chance... she passes the open
text: doorway, she can see Kevin watching his father.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: You could do that too... piddle
dialog: widdle in the toilet huh?
text: Kevin rolls his eyes lazily toward Eva. An expression flicks
text: across his face, Eva can’t be sure but it looks suspiciously
dialog: like. “What an asshole?”.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Franklin is in bed, his hands behind his head. Eva undresses.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jesus why couldn’t he just suck his
dialog: thumb or something...
text: Eva sighs. She takes her bra off and slips into bed beside
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S NEW STUDY - DAY
text: Eva pastes the last plane ticket into place on the wall and
text: stands back brushing her hands together with satisfaction,
text: maps and memorabilia cover every inch of the walls, even the
dialog: ceiling, it looks fantastic.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: All these squiggy squares of paper.
dialog: They're dumb.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I like them.
text: He stamps his foot.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: They’re dumb.
text: The door bell rings.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: A heavily coiffured woman MARY WOOLFORD, stands at the door
text: holding a home baked pie.
scene_heading: MARY WOOLFORD.
dialog: A little something to introduce you
dialog: into our community.
text: Mary presents the pie whilst having a good nose into the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh...how thoughtful.
text: Eva wipes her pasty hands on her overalls, tries to
text: straighten her hair.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: (looking Eva up and down)
dialog: Wow, you look pretty snowed
dialog: under...
dialog: we've got a little playgroup going
dialog: on at my place if your little boy
dialog: would like to join.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Sure...yeah that sounds fun.
scene_heading: MARY WOOLFORD.
dialog: Every Thursday 2-4pm at my place.
dialog: The kids really enjoy it and it
dialog: gives the Mom’s a break.
text: Eva looks up the stairs. It’s quiet, too quiet.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sorry... (indicating upstairs) I
dialog: gotta go.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: (slightly offended)
dialog: Sure...I can see you’re busy.
text: Eva closes the door and rolls her eyes, heading up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey kid, when you’re this quiet,
dialog: you make me nervous..
text: She pushes the study door open. The expression on her face
text: changes instantly, she looks at the room in horror.
text: The walls are spidery with red and black ink, the ceiling
text: too, covering all four walls in little circular and zig-zag
dialog: directions.
text: Kevin is standing on the desk, bent over in concentration;
text: draining the last of the red ink from the bottle and pouring
text: it intently into the barrel of his gun, the ink spills over
text: onto the already splattered oak desk, his hands are drenched.
text: He senses Eva standing watching him but he doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Now...It’s special.
text: Eva is completely awestruck.
text: She snatches the gun from him and throws it on the floor,
text: stamping on it hard until it’s in bits and the ink has ruined
text: her pretty yellow pumps.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S CAR, OUTSIDE MARY WOOLFORD’S PLACE - DAY
text: Kid’s pile out of the house. Kevin sullenly gets into the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Did you have fun?
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOUNGE - DAY
text: Eva’s on the phone.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: (phone voice)
dialog: Sorry Eva, but Kindergarten's only
dialog: a couple of weeks away, we just
dialog: couldn’t make up the numbers
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (slightly quizzically)
dialog: Ok... sure, thanks for all your
dialog: help anyway, it’s been great...
dialog: OK... bye.
text: She rounds the corner. Kevin stands by the window forcing
text: half a sandwich into his mouth in one go, like a starved
dialog: animal.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hungry huh?
text: He looks up at her dolefully, spits the half-masticated
text: sandwich out into his hand and mashes it into the window
text: pane, it sticks there. Kevin walks off.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Eva searches through the annoyingly locked cupboards for
text: something and pulls out Mary’s tacky, ‘home sweet home’
text: decorated pie dish, she’s forgotten to return it.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Crap.
scene_heading: EXT. MARY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Eva approaches the front door carrying the pie dish, she
text: notices a few extra cars parked up outside.
text: She rings the bell and the door opens.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey Mary, just thought I’d return
dialog: this... sorry it’s been so long...
text: She stops, over Mary’s shoulder she can see the lounge full
text: of mothers and young children, play group is evidently still
text: running, just without Kevin.
text: Mary smiles broadly but her pale neck blotches bright red.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: Oh... thanks Eva, that’s... great.
text: An awkward silence.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well I guess I’1ll see you at “Love
text: and Learn” soon.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: Sure, take care... and thanks
dialog: again.
text: She closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. LOVE AND LEARN KINDERGARTEN - DAY.
text: Eva jumps out of the car and rushes through the brightly
text: colored playground, holding her careworn diaper bag.
scene_heading: INT. LOVE AND LEARN, KINDERGARTEN CLASSROOM - DAY
text: MISS FABRICANT (frumpish, thirties) and Eva stand at the
text: classroom door. Eva holds a freshly-bagged messy diaper at
text: arms length. VIOLETTA, a shy little girl with a bad case of
text: eczema hangs onto Miss Fabricant, hiding in her skirts.
speaker_heading: MISS FABRICANT
dialog: +..sorry about this Eva...the other
dialog: children were starting to complain
dialog: about the smell.
text: VISIBLE OVER HER SHOULDER...A prissy little girl, MUFFET
text: shows the rest of the class a delicate china tea set. She
text: hands cups out to the little group sat around her, including
dialog: Kevin.
speaker_heading: MUFFET.
dialog: One for you...and one for you.
speaker_heading: BACK ON EVA
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: It’s just that this is the third
dialog: time today, couldn’t you...
speaker_heading: MS. FARBRICANT (0.S.)
dialog: I’m sorry but it’s the law I could
dialog: get in a heap of trou....
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: MS. FARBRICANT (0.S.) (cont'd)
text: (turning her attention to Violetta
dialog: whose itching at her scabs)...Don’t
dialog: scratch honey you know it makes it
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: I know a lot of the other mothers
dialog: live closer by, it takes me a while
dialog: to get here.
speaker_heading: MS. FARBRICANT (0.S.)
dialog: Actually, we don’t really have
dialog: other mothers in this situation.
text: In the background. Kevin holds his tea cup up in mid air
text: almost as if to propose a toast... except that he lets it
text: crash to the floor. Both Eva and Miss Fabricant turn round, a
text: moments stunned silence then Muffet starts to shriek as the
text: rest of the kids follow Kevin’s example and let their teacups
text: fall and smash, one after the other.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Eva drives distractedly, Kevin strapped in the seat next to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That wasn’t very nice
text: Kevin...breaking Muffet’s tea cup.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: She’s got a dumb name.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That doesn’t mean she deserves...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: It slipped.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sure Kevin. How would you like it
dialog: if you brought something you really
dialog: care about to school and somebody
dialog: smashed it up?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Like...
dialog: 72.
text: She closes her mouth, Kevin smiles triumphantly, she can’t
dialog: think of a damn thing.
scene_heading: INT. DINNER, THE RANCH HOUSE - EVENING
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: .--in floods of tears, absolutely
dialog: inconsolable...
text: Franklin pushes away his empty plate, leaning back in his
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (about to brush it off)
dialog: Well...
text: Eva throws him a look, "We've discussed the ‘united front’
dialog: thing”.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (changing tack)
dialog: Look Kev... I know tea cups are
dialog: girly and sissy but don’t break ‘em
dialog: OK? It’s uncool...
text: Kevin nods dourly.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: OK! fancy some frisbee... work on
dialog: that bank shot?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: (uncannily, eerily like a kid from
dialog: a cereal commercial)
dialog: Sure Dad!
text: They bounce off together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Eva watching through the glass doors.
text: Kevin is useless despite practice. Limp, hooked throws that
dialog: always fall ten feet short of Franklin... who in turn is
text: tireless in running to pick them up. A patience that begs to
dialog: be tested.
scene_heading: EXT. LOVE AND LEARN KINDERGARTEN - DAY
text: Summer, nearly the end of term. Eva waits with the other
text: mothers as the kids come out of school.
dialog: 73.
text: She notices the unmistakable bulge of a diaper on a few of
text: the kids where there had been none before. Soon, most of the
text: kids are gone, Kevin has not materialized.
scene_heading: INT. KINDERGARTEN HALLWAY - DAY
text: A concerned looking Miss Fabricant is searching the building.
speaker_heading: MISS FABRICANT
dialog: I’m so sorry Eva, I'm sure he’s
dialog: around here somewhere...
text: She scurries off to check the bathrooms.
speaker_heading: MISS FABRICANT (0.S.)
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Here he is!
text: O.S. A scream.
text: Eva runs to the bathroom door. Kevin has his back to them,
text: whispering to VIOLETTA, (the little girl with eczema.)
text: She has her eyes closed, her expression ecstatic... and she
text: is scratching herself to ribbons, blood runs freely from the
text: hundreds of scabs she has scratched off her body dripping
text: slowly onto her white ankle socks.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Franklin bangs a glass down on the counter and pours himself
text: a generous scotch. Eva sits at one end of their new, white
dialog: sofa.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: He’s not her minder Eva, he’s a
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He could have called someone,
dialog: couldn’t he? Before it went too
dialog: far.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: For Christsakes how’s he supposed
dialog: to recognize what ‘too far’ is,
dialog: when all she’s doing is scratching!
dialog: None of which explains why you let
text: him squish around the house, all
dialog: afternoon from the looks of him,
dialog: plastered in shit...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (cont'd)
dialog: Does it occur to you that if this
dialog: little scene was all that terrible,
dialog: then he might be a little
dialog: traumatized himself.
speaker_heading: EVA
text: He wasn’t traumatized, he was smug.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What is wrong with you?...
text: He moves to sit down next to her but almost lands on a huge
text: smear of shit streaked down the sofa.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Shit.
text: He jumps up and plops himself down at the far end, his hand
text: to his forehead.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Look I’m getting pretty sick of
dialog: this... and not because of Kevin.
text: Silence. Eva and Franklin sit at opposite ends of the sofa,
text: no eye contact. The shit-smear drawing a dividing line
dialog: between them.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN’S PLAYROOM, SUMMER - DAY
text: Kevin is slumped on the floor as Eva, knelt in front of him
text: opens the page of a book.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK, Lets work on our numbers!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well you remember yesterday, Mommer
dialog: paid the bills? You have to be able
dialog: to add and subtract to pay bills.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You used a calculator.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well you have to know arithmetic to
dialog: be sure the calculator is right.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why would you use it at all if it
dialog: doesn’t always work.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: It always works.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: So you don’t need arithmetic.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: To use a calculator, you still have
dialog: to know what a five looks like,
dialog: alright?...Now lets practise our
dialog: counting.
dialog: What comes after three.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What comes after nine.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Fifty three.
text: Kevin stares at Eva in the eye lifelessly and drones in a
text: fast forward monotone.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnin
dialog: eteneleventwelve...
text: He counts up to fifty, hardly pausing for breath.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Now can we quit?
text: Eva looks stunned, she feels foolish. She sits down beside
text: him and scrawls a bunch of numbers on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: There! Add that up then! And
text: multiply it by twenty five while
dialog: you’re at it, since you think
dialog: you’re so smart!
text: She goes to hand him the paper. Smells something.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You did not.
dialog: 76.
text: He looks at her, smiling.
text: A FEW MINUTES LATER;
text: On the changing table. Eva removes the stinky diaper. She
text: somewhat gruffly lifts his ankles. Sets out the fresh one
text: under his butt. Her eye catches on his. She studies him. He
text: seems to be enjoying it.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Are you having a laugh out of this?
dialog: Are you?
text: He doesn’t answer. She finishes taping the diaper sides, and
text: yanks up his pants, putting him on the floor and turning to
text: wipe her hands.
text: O.S. A squelchy, farting sound. The unmistakable smell.
text: She turns round, Kevin grins up at her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: How do you do it! You hardly eat
dialog: anything, where does it come from?!
text: Eva is livid, she grabs him, dragging him towards the
text: changing table, she loses it and before she knows it she’s
text: thrown him towards it.
text: He sails though the air as if in slow motion and lands with a
text: dull thud against the edge of the stainless steel table.
text: His head at a quizzical tilt, he looks at her as if he is
text: finally interested in something.
text: Kevin’s arm is splayed at an odd angle. Eva looks terrified.
text: He does not cry.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Eva, Kevin and DR GOLDBLATT walk down the long corridor.
text: Kevin has a haughty expression on his face, he bravely holds
text: his arm, a towel wrapped around it. Eva has her hand on his
text: shoulder but he shrugs it off.
text: They stop in front of the orthopedic surgeon’s examining
text: room. Eva is about to walk in with them. Kevin abruptly turns
dialog: to her.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I can see the doctor by myself.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Don’t you want me to keep you
dialog: company honey... in case it hurts?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You can wait out there.
speaker_heading: DR GOLDBLATT
dialog: That’s quite a little man you’ve
dialog: got there Eva...Sounds like you got
dialog: your orders.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Eva. A guilt sign is practically lit up over her head.
text: She glances at the floor, terrified to make eye contact with
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: HOURS LATER
text: Eva sits in the same position, waiting. She holds a tissue
text: that she’s torn to tatters.
text: Suddenly, Doctor Goldblatt and Kevin - in a freshly minted
text: cast, emerge. Eva swallows hard, and desperately tries to
text: read their faces before talking.
scene_heading: DR. GOLDBLATT
dialog: Well.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: DR. GOLDBLATT
dialog: I’ve got to tell you this, Eva...
text: Eva blanches.
dialog: (beat; smiles)
dialog: This is one brave young man you
dialog: have here.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh. Yes.
text: She places her hand delicately on the doctors arm.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (gushing)
dialog: Thank you, thank you so much Dr
dialog: Goldblatt.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (in bits)
dialog: What Mommer did was very, very
dialog: wrong. And she’s so, so sorry.
text: Kevin sits up front, he says nothing, his expression aloof,
text: the fingers of his plastered right arm tucked Napoleonically
text: into his shirt.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM.
text: Eva holds the front door open as Kevin walks in.
text: Kevin heads straight for the kitchen, Eva meekly follows.
text: Franklin has his back turned, slathering some peanut butter
text: onto a cracker, he turns to face them stuffing it into his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jesus, Kev!.
text: He swallows hard without chewing.
text: He brushes the crumbs from his hands hastily and plunges to
text: his knees before Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I broke my arm.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can see that. How’d that happen?
text: Eva looks flushed and woozy... about to confess.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I fell.
text: Eva stares at Kevin in disbelief.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Where'd you fall?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I had poopy pants. Mommer went to
dialog: get more wipes. I fell off the
dialog: changing table onto my tonka truck.
dialog: Mommer took me to doctor Goldbutt.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Gosh...that must have hurt!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: The orthopedist says it was pretty
dialog: clean and should mend well.
text: Kevin and Eva look at each other as if sealing the pact.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Are you going to let me sign your
dialog: cast?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Sure Dad! But first I got to go to
dialog: the bathroom.
text: He saunters off with his free hand swinging.
dialog: Eva looks
dialog: round her
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Did I just hear right?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Guess so.
text: exhausted, close to tears. Franklin puts his arm
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Man, that must have given you a
dialog: scare.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: It was all my fault.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: No mother can watch their kid every
dialog: second.
text: She squirms.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yes... but I should have...
text: Franklin raises his forefinger.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sh-sh!
text: A delicate trickling emerges from the hall bathroom.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What do you think did the trick,
dialog: just the shock...or do you think
dialog: he’s scared of landing back on that
dialog: changing table?
dialog: Eva shrugs... Jesus.
scene_heading: EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Kevin stuffs his mouth with a giant banana split sundae. He
text: whittles it down in workman-like fashion.
text: Across from him, Eva sits contritely.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: How is it?
text: Kevin nods without looking up. He keeps eating.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Do you mind if we stop off at the
dialog: store honey?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I wanna go home.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: Home it is then.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, OUTSIDE KEVIN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Eva tentatively knocks on Kevin’s door.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Not yet!
text: She waits outside for a long moment.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: OK.
dialog: 81.
text: Eva enters the room, Kevin is sat on top of his bed. He is
text: dressed awkwardly. One arm in the sleeve of his pyjama top,
text: the other underneath it.
text: She kisses Kevin's forehead, he wipes it off.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I love you, kiddo.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nyeh NYEE nyeh, nyeh-nyeeeeh!
scene_heading: INT. EVA AND FRANKLIN'S BEDROOM - SUMMER AFTERNOON.
text: Eva wanders round the room on the phone.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: And how about JAPWAP? we’re gonna
dialog: need... oh it’s already done...Oh
dialog: great..
dialog: and the updates for europe? Really?
dialog: That’s fantastic...
text: Eva’s face doesn’t look so fantastic, she passes a framed
text: photo, her favorite, showing a much younger, fresher and
text: enthusiastic Eva on a trip to Holland, she grimaces at it.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: ...well I guess that’s it for now,
dialog: don’t hesitate to call if you need
dialog: anything...thanks Sally, bye.
text: She hangs up looking a little lost, surplus to requirements.
text: She looks down at the yard outside.
text: Franklin whoops as Kevin, his arm now out of the cast, lamely
text: throws the ball into his mitt.
text: Eva’s face reflected in the glass, she presses her hand
text: against the pane.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR, AFTER SCHOOL RUN - DAY
text: Eva, bored, stuck in a row of yummy mommies in their people
dialog: carriers and SUV’s.
text: Kevin equally bored, strapped in the back.
text: O.S. Construction noise. She glances out the window.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Jesus..just what we need... another
dialog: Pottery Barn.
text: She yawns and flicks on the C.D. player. Elgar swims out and
text: she closes her eyes for a minute savoring the peace in the
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t like that, turn it off.
text: Eva sighs and flicks the music off, resignedly.
text: A long boring silence, interspersed with beeping horns and
dialog: construction.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (brightly, forced)
dialog: What shall we do when we get home?
text: No response. She sighs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Shall we read a book?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if the book is boring.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Then we'll find a different one.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if they’re all boring.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I don’t think that’s possible
dialog: Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I think it’s possible.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: When you grow up you’1l need a job
dialog: and then you’1ll have to be able to
dialog: read and write really well or no
dialog: one will want to hire you.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: Dad doesn’t write. He drives around
text: and takes pictures.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: There are other jobs.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if I don’t want a job?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Then you’d have to go on welfare.
dialog: The government would give you just
dialog: a little money but not enough to do
dialog: anything fun.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if I don’t want to do
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I bet you will.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I think I want to go on welfare.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S INKY STUDY - DAY
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You tell your kid it’s not funny!
text: O.S. Muffled heated voices.
text: Eva listens from the study...she walks to the landing,
text: peering downstairs. Franklin holds the door open to ROGER
text: CORLEY, flushed and sweating, slightly ridiculous in his
text: tight shorts and expensive cycling shoes that leave him
text: pigeon toed.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I’m sorry Rog... maybe Trent was
dialog: fooling around with the release
dialog: himself and doesn’t wanna take the
dialog: rap. Doesn’t mean my kid has to.
dialog: OK?
text: The front door closing, hard.
scene_heading: INT. INKY STUDY - LATER
text: Franklin hangs in the door frame.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What a dick...
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Is the kid alright?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yeah, he’ll be fine, unless he
text: inherits his dad’s dress sense.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: When are you gonna let me paint
dialog: this room?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I don’t know, I’m getting to like
dialog: it, kinda Jackson Pollack... are
dialog: you gonna talk to Kevin or shall I?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What for? Can’t see he’s done
dialog: anything wrong...
text: Franklin wanders off down the hall.
dialog: Eva's face, you never do.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - LATER
text: Eva fixes dinner, Kevin skulks around behind her.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Your friend Trent hurt himself
dialog: quite bad, he’ll be alright but
dialog: Maybe you can make him a get well
dialog: card.
text: Kevin shrugs...walking off.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah well...he thinks he’s so cool
dialog: with that bike.
dialog: Eva’s face. Bike? I didn't say bike.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Franklin slouches next to Eva on the couch, Kevin sat on the
text: floor in front of them. Braveheart is playing on the TV, the
text: climactic scene... Mel is tied to the rack, slowly being
text: eviscerated.
dialog: 85.
text: Eva squeals and holds her hands over her eyes. Through her
text: fingers she notices Kevin look up at the screen casually,
text: with no sign of reaction. He’s more absorbed in coloring all
text: the white squares on a crossword in black.
text: She turns to Franklin who’s virtually asleep and looking cute
dialog: as a button.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey...
text: No response, she nudges him.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Cf (coming to)
dialog: Wha?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What do you think about having
dialog: another one?
text: He sits up sharply.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Franklin loads the dishwasher moodily, his tones hushed but
dialog: forced.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: «+-You got to be kidding..after the
dialog: way it’s gone to want to do it
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: The way it’s gone?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You’ve complained about the poor
dialog: kid at every stage of the game.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That’s not fair. Yes, he’s been
dialog: difficult...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: He’s not difficult. He’s a boy
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I thought you’d be overjoyed.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Overjoyed? I’m shocked. I’m doing
dialog: what I can to make up for... sorry
dialog: if this hurts... your coldness but
dialog: I’m damned if I’m going to let you
dialog: freeze out another kid of mine.
text: Eva looks stunned.
text: Franklin slams the dishwasher shut with an air of finality.
scene_heading: INT. LOT OF SCHOOL YARD - DAY
text: Mother’s hang in gaggling groups outside the school
text: exchanging gossip and one-upmanship over their gorgeous
text: children. Eva sits in the car observing from a safe distance.
text: Noisy kids pour into the yard.
text: A cute little girl runs straight to her waiting mother,
text: waving a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Mommee!...Mommee...
text: The kid holds up a pretty colorful drawing, pointing
dialog: enthusiastically...
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: See that’s you and that’s daddy...
text: The mom lifts the kid into her arms.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: That’s just wonderful darling...
text: Kevin appears and sullenly saunters towards Eva holding a
text: couple of sheets of sugar paper. She braces herself and opens
text: the door for him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (talking to Kevin voice)
dialog: Hey kiddo what you got there!
text: He moodily hands her the drawings, the first a formless
text: jagged black and purple scribble.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Is that a storm honey?
text: Kevin shrugs.
text: The second one is almost exactly the same as the first.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Wow that has so much energy!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING
text: Eva brushes her teeth.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: (sexily, from the bedroom)
dialog: Hey! Get in here...
text: Eva rinses and spits.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Coming..
text: She opens the mirrored bathroom cabinet door and picks up the
text: plastic box containing her diaphragm, looks at it for a
text: moment and then places it back on the shelf.
text: She skips out of the bathroom, flicking off the light.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Franklin and Kevin are sitting finishing dinner, Eva stands
text: at the kitchen counter whistling cheerily, helping herself to
text: more moussaka.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mommer’s fat.
text: Eva blows out her cheeks.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That’s right, I’m a big fat pig
dialog: oink oink...
text: Franklin looks up at her, a pause, his full mouth falls open.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Franklin behind Eva in the mirror as she washes her face.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (furious but trying to
dialog: keep his voice down)
dialog: So when exactly were you planning
dialog: to tell me?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Soon...now.
text: He glares at her then storms out.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Well I know you don’t give a shit
dialog: what I think but could you at least
dialog: tell me what this is about?
text: Eva glances up at her reflection in the mirror. Franklin is
text: crashing around in the bedroom.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: I have to find something out.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Stupidest thing you could do to
dialog: shore up a shaky marriage is have a
dialog: baby!
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Is our marriage shaky?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (reappearing in the
dialog: doorway )
dialog: You just shook it.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN’S ROOM - DAY
text: Kevin sits at his play table systematically breaking each of
text: the crayons in his set into pieces.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: +..SO the daddy bear plants his
text: seed in the Momma bear and it grows
dialog: into an egg and...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Is this about fucking?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Better to call it ‘sex’ Kevin. That
dialog: other word is going to offend some
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That’s what everybody calls it.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Do you know what that means?
text: Kevin rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: The boy puts his pee-pee in the
dialog: girl’s doo-doo.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well Mommer and Daddy do that
dialog: sometimes too.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well for one thing, so you could
dialog: keep us company... it might be nice
dialog: for you to have some company too.
dialog: Haven’t you ever wished you had
text: someone around the house to play
dialog: with?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: How about a new little brother or
dialog: sister... You might find out you
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if I don’t like it?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Then you'll get used to it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Just because you're used to
dialog: something doesn’t mean you like
dialog: it.... (Snapping the magenta
dialog: crayon) You’re used to me.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yes... well... in a few months
dialog: we’ll all get used to someone new!
text: Kevin struggles manfully with a much shorter, and therefore
text: harder to break piece of crayon.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You'll be sorry.
dialog: 90.
text: The crayon snaps.
scene_heading: INT. DEN - EARLY EVENING
text: Eva pours herself a small glass of wine doodling on a pad
dialog: playfully.
text: Franklin and Kevin on the sofa glued to CNN; the gulf war
dialog: crisis.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey what about Celia...if it’s a
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (over his shoulder to Eva)
dialog: Sure, whatever you want... can you
dialog: pour me a glass of that?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why don’t they just nuke’em dad?
dialog: That'd teach the Raquis who’s boss!
text: Franklin can’t help but laugh, he ruffles Kevin’s hair, Eva
text: rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Eva looks glowing and happy as the new baby suckles gently on
dialog: her breast.
text: A KNOCK at the door. Franklin and Kevin enter.
text: Kevin wears am ‘I’m a big brother T-shirt’ clearly fresh from
text: the shop, he slouches at the side of the bed.
text: Eva looks at tiny Celia in her arms with a doting expression.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey Kevin... like to meet your
dialog: little sister?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why should I meet it? It’s coming
dialog: home with us, isn’t it. That means
dialog: I‘1l meet it everyday.
text: He moves moodily towards the pitcher of water beside Eva’s
text: bed, he dips his hand in it and moves towards the baby,
text: splattering the drops from his fingers in the baby’s eyes
text: with a clinical curiosity.
dialog: 91.
text: Celia twists, a little disconcerted but doesn’t cry. Eva
text: glances at Franklin uncomfortably as Kevin dips his hand in
text: the water again. Eva tactfully moves her out of his reach.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: C’mon Kev, mom’s got to get
dialog: dressed, lets go find some snacks
dialog: huh?
text: He leads Kevin away by the hand.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Celia’s little eyelashes bat sleepily as Eva rocks her gently
text: in her arms, her tiny hand grips Eva’s thumb.
text: Eva ecstatic, amazed, she holds Celia comfortably, her round
text: face and wisp of blond hair make her look more like
text: Franklin's child as she suckles quietly.
text: The baby is done at her breast and she stands up, jiggling
text: her a little and holding her over her shoulder to burp her.
text: As she wanders round the room, cooing to Celia, She notices
text: an empty frame, the Amsterdam photo’s missing. She stops.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Son of a....
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY - 4 YRS LATER
dialog: Celia now 4 yrs old and the cutest thing you’ve ever seen
text: lies placidly, not struggling, spread-eagled on her back.
text: Strips of duct tape pin her to the floor, another piece stuck
text: over her mouth...
text: It’s such an odd image, darkly humourous.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus! What the....
text: Eva bends down next to her and gently removes the tape from
text: Celia’s mouth. Celia smiles up at her.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Me and Kewin where playing
dialog: kidnapping!
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: EVA
text: (aiming her voice at the
dialog: roof)
dialog: Kevin!
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Celia stands frozen to the spot, her eyes wide with fear, her
text: hands extended away from her, palms upward. They are covered
dialog: in flour.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: (tremulous )
dialog: Dry dirt...Mommy... dry dirt.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (slightly exasperated)
dialog: Oh come on Celie, it’s only flour.
text: Eva bends down and wipes Celia’s hands. Celia inspects them
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: All gone?
text: Eva nods.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: All gone... can you lay the table
dialog: for me now honey?
text: Celia nods happily and skips off to the table just as Kevin,
text: (now ten, but with the sullen moody air of a teenager) skulks
text: into the room.
text: Celia rushes to him, throwing her arms around his leg in a
text: tight grip.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Kewin! Your my friend!
text: Kevin shoves her away and slouches down at the table.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Beat it Celie, go get me a soda.
text: Celia dutifully runs off to the fridge, returning with a
dialog: coke.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Not that one you idiot, get me a
dialog: Dr. Pepper...
dialog: 93.
text: She runs off again, Eva rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Here you are!
text: Kevin takes his drink.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Thanks Celie... know who else is
dialog: thirsty?
text: Celia shakes her head warily. Kevin reaches behind him and
text: picks up the tube of the vacuum cleaner and flicks on the
text: switch, the machine comes to life with a roar.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: The VACUUM MONSTER!
text: A high pitched scream, Celia tears across the room and clings
dialog: on to Eva.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Momee! Momee!
text: Eva’s hands are full as she prepares dinner.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: For God’s sake Kevin will you cut
dialog: it out!
text: O.S. the front door opening.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey troops!
text: Kevin flicks off the vacuum; the wicked expression on his
text: face disappears, replaced by a cheerful smile just as
text: Franklin enters the room.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Hi Dad!...How was work today?...
dialog: Did you take any pictures of cool
dialog: stuff! Any more loaded people's
dialog: houses?
text: Celia, breathlessly excited to see Franklin, runs off and
text: appears seconds later clutching a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Daddy, daddy, wanna see my picture?
text: Franklin pats her on the head as she proudly displays her
text: drawing, he gives it a cursory glance.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: That’s nice hon.
text: He instantly returns his attention to Kevin, Eva can’t help
dialog: noticing.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (digging in his bag)
dialog: Hey Kev... check these out, came
dialog: out beautifully....
text: Kevin comes over and looks through the photos excitedly, a
dialog: little too excitedly?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Gee Dad! If our bathroom’s ina
dialog: toothpaste ad, does that make us
dialog: famous.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Just a little famous.
text: Eva stands at the counter, flicking through the paper
text: Franklin's brought home. “OFFICE WORKER KILLS SEVEN OVER
scene_heading: MISSING PAY CHECK”
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (wisecracking)
dialog: To be really famous in this
dialog: country, you’ve got to kill
dialog: somebody.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Eva snuggled in Franklin’s arms.
text: The bedroom door swings open and Celia appears shivering
text: clutching her nightdress between her legs.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Mommee?
text: Franklin groans. Eva rouses.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What’s the matter honey?
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: I’m scared to go bathroom.
text: Eva sighs. She gets up and escorts Celia. 0.S. The sound of
text: peeing. Eva returns a moment later, slips back into bed.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: Jesus...you have to stop coddling
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Eva sits at the table reading.
text: O.S. Wailing from Celia.
text: She walks into the room brandishing a pink plastic "My Little
text: Pony” It’s face and hair twisted and matted, melted after
text: being held over a flame.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin!
dialog: No response.
text: Eva tuts and gets up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin, how many times have I told
dialog: you to leave Celie’s stuff alone...
text: She pads up the stairs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin?
text: Kevin’s little feet are splayed out on the carpet, he lies on
text: his belly, almost in the recovery position, his face sweaty
dialog: and pale.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Kevin?
text: She rushes towards him and is astonished when he allows her
text: to lift him and actually puts his arm around her neck.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN’S ROOM -DAY
text: Eva lays Kevin on the bed, he’s limp and placid. She pulls
text: out a pair of clean PJ’s from the drawer.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (whispered weakly)
dialog: Can you get me the spaceman ones, I
text: like the monkey in the rocket.
dialog: 96.
dialog: Eva double takes, Kevin likes something!?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sure honey.
text: She rifles through the drawers but can’t find them, she
text: empties out the laundry basket, searching almost desperately
text: through the dirty clothes until she eventually pulls them
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’1l wash these and make them nice
dialog: and fresh so you can wear them
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Thanks Mom.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I‘1l be right back OK?
text: Kevin nods weakly.
text: Eva leaves the room, her eyes wide in astonishment, who is
dialog: this boy?
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN’S ROOM - LATER
text: Kevin's pale face looking strangely beautiful as he sucks
text: gently on the bud of a thermometer. Eva takes it out and
text: looks at it worriedly. Christ 101.
text: Celia runs into the room waving a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Hey Kewin...
text: Eva winces expecting a rebuttal.
text: Kevin takes the drawing.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That’s nice Celie... can you do me
dialog: another?
text: Celia nods and scoots off.
text: Suddenly the expression on Kevin’s face changes, he jumps out
text: of bed and runs for the en suite... too late, he vomits
text: copiously over the carpet.
dialog: 97.
text: LATER; Eva cleans up the last of the stain, wringing a cloth
text: into a basin. Kevin is in bed looking a little ashamed.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (mumbled weakly)
dialog: I’m sorry Mom.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Not to worry, sweetheart, you
dialog: couldn’t help it.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Eva watches as Franklin, just back from work, his bag slung
text: over one shoulder, comic books and presents under the other,
text: pokes his head carefully round Kevin’s door.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Hey champ, how you doing?
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Go away, I’m tired.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Errr.. OK, sure thing buddy, you
dialog: get some rest...
text: He closes the door and looks at Eva, disappointed, a little
dialog: jealous?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (putting her arms round
dialog: him)
dialog: Don’t worry... they always want
dialog: their moms when they’re sick...
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Mom!
text: Eva smiles a little apologetically and disappears into
text: Kevin’s room.
scene_heading: INT. KEVIN'S ROOM - DAY
text: Eva sits on the bed reading from “Robin Hood”. Kevin lies
text: quietly next to her. As she reads she notices him edge slowly
dialog: closer to her... should she risk it?
text: Gently she lifts up his head and lays it in her lap, he lets
text: her. She strokes his hair, gently, incredulously.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Don’t stop reading Mom....
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Eva pushes Kevin’s door open. He’s already up, looking much
text: healthier, pulling on his jeans.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Here, let me help you with that.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I can dress myself. Can you leave.
text: Eva looks taken aback.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay...I’m glad you’re feeling
dialog: better...
dialog: Would you like some more chowder
dialog: for lunch?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Or maybe a grilled cheese sandwich?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t give a rat’s ass.
text: OK... Eva gently closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Eva stands at the sink watching as Franklin helps Kevin,
text: (resplendent in a Lincoln green hat with a feather and
text: clutching an expensive looking toy bow and arrow) to set up a
text: target at the end of the garden.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Thanks dad, this is so cool!
text: Kevin turns and aims at the window, the arrow clatters
text: against the glass.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey! Be careful with that thing!
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: Eva struggles down the hall, her arms full of laundry. The
text: bathroom door is ajar, she elbows it open.
text: Kevin, (now 14, skinny, pointy faced but with brooding dark
text: good looks) stands hunched in the centre of the room, his
text: trousers round his ankles, beating himself off fiercely. A
text: half empty pack of “land ‘o lakes” butter sits on the side of
dialog: the bath.
text: Eva gulps but stares at him squarely in confrontation,
text: expecting embarrassment. Kevin shoots her a sleepy sly
text: grin... but he doesn’t stop.
text: Eva slams the door hard and stomps off down the corridor her
text: cheeks burning.
text: O.S. A dry chuckle from Kevin.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR, DRIVE - EVENING
text: Eva, sat in her car, the engine running. She drums her
text: fingers on the wheel, beeps the horn a few times.
text: Kevin saunters out of the house, dressed in a pair of jeans
text: that might have fit when he was ten, they hover above his
text: ankles, the zip doesn’t do up and the tight denim explicitly
text: reveals his package. A tiny white T-shirt completes the look.
text: She beeps again, he seems to slow intentionally, casually
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Can’t you wear something that
dialog: actually fits you?
text: Kevin sneers at her and slips into the car.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The car approaches the gates of the high school. Kevin shifts
text: in his seat. A dopey looking boy, (LENNY) Kevin’s age,
text: dressed in an identical miniature T-shirt and with a freshly
text: pierced nose glowing pussily, skulks by the gates.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Lemme out here.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Sure ...don’t want to be seen
dialog: arriving with your mother do you?
text: Kevin gives her a ‘that’s right’ look, she stops and he gets
text: out, sloping off with Lenny.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GYM —- EVENING
text: Eva struggles to open the gym doors , a large tray of
text: sandwiches balanced in her arms. A good looking, athletic,
text: black kid, immaculately dressed in a polo shirt and chinos
text: runs to open the door for her.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: There you go Mrs Kachadourian...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Thank you....err...
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Soweto....Soweto Washington.
text: Eva is about to go in when an impeccably dressed MARY
text: WOOLFORD and her daughter (LAURA),who’s sparkly dress looks
text: like it cost thousands push past, almost knocking her tray to
text: the ground. They ignore both Eva and Soweto, who is still
text: holding the door open.
text: Eva raises her eyebrows and pulls a face for Soweto’s
text: benefit, he flashes a bright smile.
text: They walk to the gym together, a few parents hanging around,
text: the keener students helping to fix the bunting and disco
dialog: lights.
scene_heading: SOWETO WASHINGTON
dialog: See you later.
text: He jogs off, scooping up a stray basket ball as he passes, he
text: turns and leaps gazelle-like in the air, sending the ball
text: sailing the length of the gym and straight through the hoop.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey, nice shot.
text: Soweto shoots back another winning smile.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYM - EVENING
text: CLOSE UP, a small glass vial held in a man’s hand.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
text: This is a crack cocaine vial.
text: He passes it round a small group of parents.
text: Mary Woolford hands it to Eva.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: What about metal detectors?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: There’s just not enough money in
dialog: the budget...Every kid will be
text: frisked on the way in...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Hey why don’t we just get Delta
dialog: force in to do the strip searches.
speaker_heading: MARY WOOLFORD
dialog: It’s not something to joke about.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay....
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYM - LATER.
text: The cavernous gym is decked out with brightly colored bunting
text: and a large mirrored ball spins slowly round catching the
text: light, echoey retro music.
text: The kids line the walls, trying to look cool, no one dances.
text: Eva notices Kevin, keeping his distance, slumped against a
text: pillar. Lenny next to him laughing dumbly.
text: Nearby, Mary Woolford holds court.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Well doesn’t Laura look dazzling
dialog: tonight, you must be so proud!
text: Mary beams. Eva rolls her eyes and turns away.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: SOWETO WASHINGTON
dialog: (appearing at her side)
dialog: Thought you might like some punch,
dialog: Mrs Kachadourian?
text: Another huge smile.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (unaccountably embarrassed)
dialog: Oh sure...thanks Soweto.
text: Eva takes a sip, hiding her embarrassed grin. Over the rim of
text: her cup she sees Kevin point in their direction, whispering
text: something to Lenny who starts guffawing like a donkey.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Could probably do with a slug of
dialog: Vodka.
text: Soweto laughs. She looks at the empty dance floor.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Jeez...is anybody going to dance at
dialog: this thing?
text: The DJ segues into ‘STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN’
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Christ, Stairway...that’1l help.
text: Laura Woolford and her little posse of ‘hot girls’ prance
text: past, the boys eyes on them as they catwalk their way to the
text: rest room, flicking their hair.
text: They pass Kevin’s corner and alter their route, taking a
text: detour as if being ten feet from these two is infectious.
text: Eva’s sure she sees something in Kevin’s eyes as Laura
text: passes, taking in her long shiny hair, her incredibly short
dialog: dress.
text: Her attention is diverted as a lone girl, pale and geeky;
text: walks to the centre of the floor.
text: The poor girl’s mom is clearly ninety, she’s dressed her for
text: a prom circa 1947. Puffy frilly dress, patent shoes and a bow
text: in her hair.
text: Extending her arms she lunges in ever widening circles, eyes
text: closed, oblivious to the fact that her enthusiastic twirls
text: are exposing her panties.
dialog: 103.
dialog: Something beautiful in her total lack of inhibition...Eva
text: can’t help but be enchanted.
text: Suddenly, out of nowhere, Kevin appears, heading towards her
text: like a scud missile; calculated so that the girl’s next
text: pirouette will land her ear exactly in line with his mouth.
text: He leans towards her, whispers something. She freezes. Her
text: eyes darting left and right like she’d just woken up naked in
dialog: the street.
text: Kevin sidles off.
text: Everyone now staring at the girl, sniggering openly as she
text: flounders back and forth, a slow motion death dance,
text: desperate to keep up appearances by bobbing to a few more
dialog: bars.
text: Mercifully the track ends, the girl hurriedly gathers up her
text: skirt and hobbles off to a darkened corner.
text: She sits head down, hunched over, her elbows awkward, each
text: hand fighting for cover under the other.
text: Eva drains her punch, now she really needs a drink.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - EVENING
text: Franklin is still munching his way through a huge plate of
text: pasta. Eva leans back in her chair, a glass of wine in one
text: hand; reading something aloud to him.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Niger is part of Nigeria. Nigeria
dialog: is full of Niger. The river Niger
dialog: flows through...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (holding a hand up)
dialog: Okay, okay, I get it....you can’t
dialog: say it’s not factual...
text: Eva sneers.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You do know that Mr Johnson's
dialog: African-american right?
text: O.S. The doorbell rings. Franklin looks quizzical but goes to
dialog: answer it.
dialog: 104.
dialog: Stay on Eva’s face.
text: O.S. The door opening, the crackle of a police radio.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER(0.S.)
dialog: Mr Kachadourian?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN(O.S.)
dialog: Plaskett, but that’s my son. Has
dialog: something happened?
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It was water babies Dad, I swear
dialog: I...
text: Franklin grabs Kevin’s upper arm and pushes him against the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You could have caused a pile up, a
dialog: fucking catastrophe!
text: Eva stays in the background her arms folded, her face
dialog: withholding something, satisfaction?
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - LATER
text: Back on Eva's face as she pours herself another drink.
text: O.S. The rise and fall of Franklin’s voice furiously
text: yelling...then a lull. Kevin’s voice, quiet, reasonable,
text: placating.
text: Eva grins ruefully to herself, here comes the horse-shit.
text: Franklin appears, much calmer, he sits down beside Eva.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Listen, the whole caper was Lenny’s
dialog: idea, he was only talking about
dialog: water babies....You know how kids
dialog: think that sort of thing is funny.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What about the bricks?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Well they ran out of water
dialog: babies...before he know it Lenny
dialog: had pitched a stone when a car was
dialog: coming. Kevin said he immediately
dialog: told Lenny not to do that since
dialog: somebody could get hurt.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Yeah, that sure sounds like Kevin.
text: Franklin sighs.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jesus Eva...It was spectacularly
dialog: dumb, he admits that. Anyway they
dialog: ran, didn’t get very far since he
dialog: realized running was crazy so he
dialog: grabbed Lenny’s jacket to put the
dialog: brakes on...and here’s the thing,
dialog: it seems our friend Lenny Pugh
dialog: already has something on his record
dialog: so Kevin took the rap. I have to
dialog: say I felt kind of dumb for laying
dialog: into him like that...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You apologized?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sure, any parents got to admit when
dialog: they make a mistake.
text: Eva looks dumbstruck.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: Eva emerges from her study, she hears muffled voices coming
text: from Kevin’s room, she stops, listens.
speaker_heading: LENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Like you were so smooth dude, I
dialog: thought that fat fuck was going to
dialog: kick the shit out of you because
dialog: you were like driving him insane.
dialog: “Sir I really must protest, sir.”
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, well lucky for you I got Mr.
dialog: Plastic off my back but you should
dialog: have heard the scene in here Pugh,
dialog: fucking nauseating, I though I'd
text: burst into tears before a
dialog: commercial break from our sponsors.
text: Lenny sniggers.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: I’m serious pal... this one’s gonna
dialog: cost you. Cause your low rent stunt
dialog: could do my reputation some serious
dialog: damage. I got standards, I saved
dialog: your ass this time but don’t expect
dialog: a sequel, like ass save II. Rock's
text: over an overpass. It’s fucking
dialog: trite man, it’s got no class at
dialog: all. It’s fucking trite.
text: Eva hurries off down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S LUNA - EARLY EVENING
text: Eva drives home from work along Nyack high street. She passes
text: a huge Barnes and Noble with wide, plate glass windows. She
text: glimpses someone, who else could it be dressed in that
text: outfit? Standing in the travel section in front of a shelf
text: full of AWAP guides.
text: O.S. The honk of a car horn.
text: Eva swerves momentarily as she redirects her attention to the
text: traffic. She shakes her head, incredulous, her eyes wide. A
dialog: grin of pride.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Eva enters, Kevin is slouched against the kitchen unit.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey, didn’t I see you in the
dialog: bookstore tonight?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nuh-uh.
text: Eva has her back to him at the sink, a private grin.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Funny... could’ve sworn...
text: Kevin starts to slope off.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: By the way...I’d like to ask you
text: out on a date.
text: He eyes her mistrustfully.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Just to do something together...For
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Like do what?
text: Eva shrugs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Maybe a little Christmas shopping,
dialog: take you to dinner?
text: She pauses, unsure for a moment, then with a wry smile.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Play a round or two of miniature
dialog: golf?
text: He cracks a sour half smile... she’s secured her date.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY, THE DATE.
text: Eva waits for Kevin. Franklin sits watching TV.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What are you and Celie gonna get up
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Gosh, gonna have to come up with
dialog: something to do that doesn’t
dialog: terrify her, guess that rules out
dialog: vacuuming.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
text: Kevin sits in silence as Eva pulls into the funky little golf
text: course. It’s a freezing overcast day and Kevin sports his
text: tiny white T. It starts to rain.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Why didn’t you wear a coat?... You
dialog: just can’t get uncomfortable enough
dialog: can you?
text: Kevin grins.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Uncomfortable? With my own Mother?
scene_heading: EXT. MINIATURE GOLF COURSE - DAY
text: Kevin poses with his club like a dapper gentleman, still
text: silent but with a ‘now what?’ look.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well...you won.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S LUNA - OUTSIDE THE MALL - DAY
text: Eva slows at a pedestrian crossing. A huge family waddle
text: across the road all stuffing their faces.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Whenever I see fat people they’re
dialog: eating...don’t give me that slow
dialog: metabolism crap. “It’s my
dialog: glands”...It’s food. Their fat
dialog: because they eat the wrong
dialog: food...too much of it and all the
dialog: time.
text: Silence, she drives on into the lot.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You know you can be kinda harsh
dialog: sometimes.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You're one to talk.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Yeah. I am. Wonder where I got it?
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. MALL -DAY.
text: Cheesy Christmas music is piped through the store as Eva
text: examines a little scooter. Kevin looking thoroughly bored.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You know a couple of years ago, you
dialog: give a kid some geeky scooter for
dialog: Christmas and he‘d have balled his
text: eyes out.
text: Eva lunges at the chance to be collegial.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You’re right...that’s one of the
dialog: things that’s wrong with this
dialog: country. It’s so faddish. Still, I
dialog: wouldn’t want Celia to feel left
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mumsy, get real Ciel would be
dialog: scared shitless. You'd have to hold
dialog: her little hand everywhere she went
dialog: or you’d have to carry her scooter
dialog: and all.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL -DAY.
text: They exit the mall without any shopping bags and head towards
dialog: the car park.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - EARLY EVENING.
text: Eva stands in front of the mirror, she dabs a little Opium
text: behind her ears and puts her earrings in. She takes a look at
text: herself, she looks good.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING.
text: Celia has tinsel weaved in her hair, helping Franklin arrange
text: fish sticks on a tray.
text: Eva bustles in dressed in her hot pink silk dress.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Can you help me fasten this.
text: Franklin turns round.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Wow, you’re not looking very
dialog: maternal.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I wanted to create a sense of
dialog: occasion...Anyway I thought you
dialog: liked this dress.
text: Franklin eyes the slit in the dress, which is cut up the
dialog: thigh.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You don’t want to make him uneasy.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m making someone uneasy,
dialog: obviously.
text: She leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING.
text: Eva enters, Kevin is standing at the sink with his back to
text: her. She looks touched to see that instead of clothing
dialog: designed for an eight year old, he’s made an effort, lush
text: black slacks and a billowing white fencing shirt.
text: She’s smiles, about to compliment him when he turns around,
text: gnawing chunks from the half-devoured carcass of a cold
text: chicken. Eva turns white.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m about to take you to dinner.
text: Kevin wipes the grease off the corner of his smirking mouth.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I was hungry. You Know....Growing
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Put that away right now and get
dialog: your coat!
text: Eva turns angrily away from him and storms out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. HUDSON HOUSE RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Kevin shakes his head to the waiter who shrugs and turns to
text: Eva, she’s quietly furious.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I'll have the crab salad, steak
text: medium rare and a bottle of Merlot.
text: She snaps the menu shut.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh...and bannoffee pie for desert,
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: LATER;
text: Eva is eating as Kevin rips a bread roll apart, squeezing it
text: into tiny balls. She frowns and takes a deep slug of wine.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So...How’s school going?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It’s going...You want my course
dialog: schedule?
text: Eva tries hard not to get annoyed.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What about your, ah teachers? Are
dialog: any of them, you know especially...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: And what bands are you listening to
dialog: these days? Next you can wheedle
dialog: about whether there isn’t some cute
text: little cunt in the front row that’s
dialog: got me itchy. That way you can
dialog: segue into how it’s all up to me of
dialog: course but before balling the chick
dialog: in the hallway. I might decide to
dialog: wait until I’m ready...Right around
dialog: dessert you can ask about drugs.
dialog: Careful like, Cause you don’t want
dialog: to scare me into, like, lying my
dialog: head off, so you have to say how
dialog: you experimented. Finally once
dialog: you've sucked up that whole bottle
dialog: you can go gooey eyed and say how
dialog: great it is to spend quality time
dialog: together and you can put an arm
text: around my shoulder and give it a
dialog: little squeeze.
text: Eva quickly pushes her plate aside, abandoning the food she’s
dialog: over ordered.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Alright, Mr. Snide, what do you
dialog: want to talk about?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: This was your idea. I never said I
dialog: wanted to talk about a fucking
dialog: thing.
text: They sit in silence for a long moment. Eva takes another deep
text: gulp of her wine. Kevin pulls a complimentary crayon from a
text: rustic jar in the middle of the table. He idly scribbles on
text: the paper table cloth.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: OK, I’ve got a topic. You’re always
dialog: griping about this country and
dialog: wishing you were in Malaysia or
dialog: something. What’s your beef about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK...since you asked.
text: Eva sits back folding her arms.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: American's are trusting to a fault,
dialog: innocent in a way that makes them
dialog: stupid. They are fat, inarticulate
text: and ignorant. They are demanding,
dialog: impetuous and spoiled. They’re self
dialog: righteous and superior about their
dialog: precious democracy and
dialog: condescending to other
dialog: nationalities because they think
dialog: they've got it right, never mind
dialog: that half the adult population
dialog: doesn’t vote. Worst of all they
dialog: have no idea that the rest of the
dialog: world can’t stand them.
text: All the while Kevin’s eyes have been downcast, still
text: scribbling.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Wow...that’s a whole lot of
dialog: adjectives. Let’s see.
text: He looks at his markings on the table cloth, ticking off a
dialog: list.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Spoiled? Well, You’re rich and can
dialog: get pretty much anything you want
dialog: right. Mmmm...
dialog: Impetuous, well that’s a pretty
dialog: good description of that speech you
dialog: gave right now.
dialog: Inarticulate....Lemme see. Seems to
dialog: me I’m sitting across from the lady
dialog: who goes on these long rants about
dialog: reality TV when she’s never watched
dialog: a single show. And that... one of
dialog: you’re favorite words, Mumsy....is
text: ‘ignorant’ ‘Trusting’ with no idea
dialog: other people can’t stand them.
text: He underscores that on his list.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Well far as I can tell about the
dialog: only thing that keeps you and the
dialog: other dumb ass Americans from being
dialog: peas in a pod is that you’re not
dialog: fat and just because you’re skinny,
dialog: you act self righteous,
dialog: condescending and superior. Maybe
dialog: I’d rather have a big cow of a
dialog: mother who at least didn’t think
dialog: she was better than everybody else
dialog: in the fucking country.
text: Eva sits in stunned silence, the waiter passes and she
text: quickly signals for the check.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: Kevin’s door opens a crack.
text: Eva peers in.
dialog: No posters, no smelly socks, the bed made with boot camp
text: precision, the shelves virtually empty apart from the copy of
text: Robin Hood and a couple of school books.
text: She has a quick guilty snoop around but there’s not much to
text: find, a stack of floppies sit next to the computer and she
text: shuffles through them, weird names, Nostromo... D4-x... She
text: picks one out at random, puts the rest back and slips out of
dialog: the room.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - DAY
text: Eva inserts the floppy into her disk drive and starts to
dialog: download the files.
speaker_heading: CELIA (0.S.)
dialog: Mommee...Mommee, can you help me?
text: Eva tuts and goes off to find Celia.
text: A MOMENT LATER, Eva returns. The computer has switched itself
text: off, she frowns, that’s never happened before.
text: She restarts it but the screen just fills up with weird
dialog: numbers and error messages.
scene_heading: INT. A.W.A.P. OFFICES - AFTERNOON
text: As Eva bustles through the office doors, she’s struck by the
text: odd silence in the office, people at their desks with dark
text: expressions on their faces others hanging round gossiping by
dialog: the water cooler.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Why is nobody working?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They can’t... every single
dialog: computer’s gone down... the tech
dialog: guys are looking into it.
dialog: Eva blanches... shit.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Eva sits at her desk watching the rest of the staff still
text: hanging around aimlessly through the glass partition.
text: John enters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bad news I’m afraid, virus, a nasty
dialog: one... must have got in through
dialog: somebody’s E-mail... gonna set us
dialog: back weeks... plus it looks like
dialog: we've sent it on to everyone on our
dialog: mailing list... wont have won any
dialog: friends there....
text: Eva raises her eyes to the heavens.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: Eva knocks tentatively on Kevin’s door, holding the floppy
text: disk. No answer, she pushes it open.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (tapping the disk)
dialog: I wanted to ask you, What’s this?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You didn’t load it in, did you?
text: Eva looks at him guiltily.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Of course not...well only once.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It only takes once.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Why do you have it?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I keep a collection.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Isn‘t that a peculiar thing to
dialog: collect?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I don’t like stamps.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What’s the point of it?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: There is no point...that’s the
dialog: point.
text: Eva turns to go.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mom?
text: Eva turns back to face him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Your computer’s fucked isn’t it?
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: Yes it’s fucked. I guess I deserved
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You know if there’s anyone you
dialog: don’t like and you got their e-mail
dialog: address, just let me know.
text: Eva laughs.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: OK, I’1ll be sure to do that, though
dialog: some days the people I don’t like
dialog: come to quite a list.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (jokily)
dialog: Better warn them, you've got
text: friends in low places.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE, CHRISTMAS DAY —- MORNING
text: The massive lounge is decked out with tinsel and a huge tree.
text: Celia sits on the floor unwrapping a present, a large glass
text: cage with a tiny, furry occupant. She’s ecstatic.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: (running to eva)
dialog: Oh mommy, I love it, I love it!
text: She flings her arms round Eva’s neck, smothering her with
dialog: kisses.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Thankyouthankyouthankyou...
text: Franklin and Kevin sit on the opposite couch exchanging a
text: ‘girls huh?’ smirk. Kevin unwraps his present, a gleaming
dialog: cross bow.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It’s a Series 7, the guy in the
dialog: shop said it’s the best around...
text: Kevin holds the bow up to his eye expertly, looking down the
text: barrel, checking it’s straight lines.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Gee dad, it’s perfect. I’m gonna go
dialog: practice...
dialog: 117.
text: He stalks out of the room, Eva watches him go uneasily.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - EVENING
text: Eva lies against Franklin on a couch, bitching about the
text: politicians on TV. Celia wanders round the room, poking into
text: corners, looking under the table.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey Celia, come on now, time for
dialog: bed...
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: (O.S. from under the
dialog: table)
dialog: Just a bit longer mommy...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CELIA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Eva carries a quietly worried looking Celia in her arms.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Right let’s put you to bed... want
dialog: to say good night to Snuffles?
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: (quietly her face buried
dialog: in Eva’s neck)
text: He’s hiding.
text: Eva sets Celia down and looks at the cage.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I can’t see him anywhere...
text: Celia’s face crumples.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: It’s my fault, I thought I closed
dialog: the door... Kevin says I’m stupid
dialog: and he’s right... stupid, stupid
dialog: stupid!
text: She bangs her fist against her head, harder and harder. Eva,
text: scared, has to pull her hand away.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Don’t worry honey... I’m sure we'll
dialog: find him...
text: She doesn’t look so sure.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Eva’s ass poked in the air as she searches the back of a
text: cupboard.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Snuffles... Snuffles?
text: Franklin struggles out from behind the fridge, covered in
dialog: dust and crap.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Face it Eva... he’s gone to the big
text: pet store in the sky...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Oh don’t say that...
text: Eva looks pained.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Dearly beloved... we are gathered
dialog: here today...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (whacking him)
dialog: Stop it!
text: But she can’t help it, they both burst out in giggles,
text: rolling together on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Eva stands at the sink, Celia sits behind her, drawing at the
text: kitchen table.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: .--and so Snuffles went to play in
dialog: the garden and he’s made lots of
dialog: new animal friends...
text: Eva pulls the plug, the water sluggishly refuses to drain
text: away. It finally disappears with a gurgle. Eva wrinkles her
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Phew...
text: She reaches up to a high, child-locked cupboard and pulls out
text: a bottle of Liquid Plummr, she pours a healthy glug down the
dialog: sink.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL CAR LOT - EARLY EVENING
text: Eva’s car squeals to a halt, she leaps out looking pale and
text: desperate. She runs up the steps into the hospital building.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - LATER
text: The same hospital corridor where Eva waited for Kevin with
text: his broken arm. The same green plastic chairs.
text: Eva and Franklin sit in a heavy silence, clutching each
text: others hand tightly. A coffee with a crinkled skin sits sadly
text: on the table.
text: A surgeon approaches with a sombre expression. Eva and
dialog: Franklin stand up.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: I’m sorry, we really tried but
dialog: there was too much damage, I'm
dialog: afraid we couldn’t save the eye...
scene_heading: INT. FRANKLIN'S CAR, HOSPITAL LOT - NIGHT
text: The engine’s running just to get the heating going, Eva sits
text: shivering without a coat.
text: An empty silence.
text: Franklin knocks his head back against the padded headrest and
text: stares at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I can’t believe you left it out.
text: Eva looks at him stunned.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I thought about not saying that.
text: She licks her lips and starts to tremble.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I didn’t leave it out.
text: Franklin drops his head and sighs.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Eva. Don’t make me do this. You
dialog: used that ‘Liquid Plumr’ on
dialog: Saturday, I remember because you
dialog: went on about how the drain smelled
dialog: weird or something.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I put it away, back in that high
text: cabinet with the child lock on it.
dialog: Celia couldn’t even reach that with
dialog: a chair!...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Then how did it get out?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Good question.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Look, I realize you’re usually very
dialog: caref...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I remember putting it away
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Do you remember putting on your
dialog: shoes this morning?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Celie’s in hospital why are we
dialog: having this conversation?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Because I want you to admit it...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Janis came this morning, maybe...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: She didn’t need it, the drains were
dialog: already clear...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (she’s got to say it)
dialog: Fine, why don’t you ask Kevin how
dialog: the bottle got left out?
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Here we go, something goes wrong,
dialog: you can’t possibly be at fault so
dialog: you point the finger at your own
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: He was supposed to be looking after
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Kevin did everything he should
dialog: have. He said when she started to
dialog: scream, he came running and when he
dialog: found out what it was, he ran water
text: over her face and rinsed her eye as
dialog: best he could, and then he called
dialog: an ambulance, even before he called
dialog: me on the cell...He was a star.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Time...it takes time for that stuff
dialog: to work. Maybe he did wash it out,
dialog: but when? When he was finished?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Finished with what? His homework?
dialog: His archery practice?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Think about it!
text: Eva starts to cry, she presses her finger tips to her
dialog: eyelids.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: She’s seven, not two.
dialog: Even if I did leave it out..
dialog: Why the hell would Celia pour drain
text: cleaner on her own eye.
text: Celia’s afraid of everything.
dialog: He did it Franklin... oh he did it,
dialog: he did it!
text: Franklin grabs her arms, looks her in the eye.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: That’s enough. I’m ashamed of
dialog: you...
text: She wrenches herself free, grabs the handle of the door, she
text: has to get out. She stumbles towards her car.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (0.S.)
dialog: Eva!
text: Eva turns round, tears streaming down her face.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You know I’m not usually big on
dialog: shrinks but maybe you should talk
dialog: to somebody. I think you need help.
text: Eva turns and hurries off to her car; arms clutched around
text: her protectively. Franklin’s 4x4 squeals out of the lot
text: behind her.
scene_heading: INT. EVA'S LUNA - NIGHT
text: Eva drives down a lonely, barely lit highway, the tears have
dialog: stopped now... she’s just blank.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Franklin with his head in his hands on the sofa, Eva frozen
text: in the armchair across from him.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I’m sorry Eva, I can take the
dialog: years...I just can’t take the days.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: So...what do you want to do?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Last out the school year if we can.
dialog: Make arrangements over the summer.
dialog: At least custody is a no brainer.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Is it...You’ve decided?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (limply)
dialog: There’s nothing left to decide.
dialog: It's already happened.
text: Eva notices a shadow cross the hall, Kevin steps into the
text: light. For the first time he stands up straight instead of
text: slouching, he looks older.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: -.-need a drink of water.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Kev...don’t take anything you might
dialog: have overheard to heart. It’s easy
dialog: to misunderstand when you hear
text: something out of context.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Why would I not know the context?
text: He takes a single hard swallow and puts the glass back on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I am the context.
text: He turns and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM- NIGHT - WEEKS LATER.
text: Celia is sprawled asleep in the crook of Franklin’s arm on
text: the sofa. On the left side of her face is a flesh colored
text: stick on eye patch.
dialog: Kevin is sat beside him watching ‘My Granny had my
text: boyfriend's baby’ on the Jerry Springer show.
text: Eva carefully lifts Celia out of Franklin’s arms.
scene_heading: INT. CELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Celia is awake as Eva slips her into bed.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Celie... when you got hurt?
text: Celia nods solemnly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: I got something in my eye...Kevin
dialog: helped me wash it out.
text: She turns her head away as if to end the conversation.
text: Eva kisses her and heads towards the door.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Mommy !
dialog: 124.
text: She has covered up her good eye with her hand, then uncovers
dialog: it quickly.
speaker_heading: CELIA
dialog: Peek a boo!
text: Eva’s smiles at her but her eyes fill with tears as she
text: closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Eva is sat on the sofa, she glances up as Kevin strides into
text: the room, the distinct shape of his archery bag draped over
text: his shoulder, he’s followed by Franklin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Dad Prozac’s not that big a deal
dialog: Half the kid’s in my school are on
dialog: some kind of anti-depressant.
text: Eva sighs and rubs her hand through her hair, she looks
text: stressed and guilty.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Something came for you.
text: She nods toward the large Fed Ex package on the floor. Kevin
text: sullies towards it and starts to rip it open with Franklin’s
dialog: car keys.
text: He pulls a bright yellow kryptonite bike lock out of the box
text: along with a spray of Styrofoam beans as Eva eyes him
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What’s that for? You don’t even
dialog: ride your bike..
text: Franklin walks back into the room holding a beer as Kevin
text: pulls out another identical lock.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Got these for a song off the net...
dialog: I thought I’d make a bundle selling
dialog: them at school...
text: Franklin pulls the remote off the coffee table, flopping down
text: on the sofa next to Eva and switching on the TV.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Good to see someone inherited your
dialog: business sense huh?
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Glad to see you’re being so
dialog: entrepreneurial...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: 0.S. Franklin singing tunelessly over the thud of the shower.
text: Eva, undresses slowly, she smiles to herself a little sadly
text: and gets into bed.
text: She peers over the quilt and watches Franklin through the
text: open door of the en suite.
text: He steps out of the shower and his body flits in and out of
text: view, reflected in the mirrors, still fit and athletic.
text: He switches the bathroom light off and gets into bed.
text: Dark, apart from the hypnotic flashing light of the digital
scene_heading: clock. RED/BLACK. RED/BLACK.
text: They both lie silent, awake. What more is there to say?
text: He reaches out for her hand and pulls her towards him,
text: kissing her tenderly on the forehead, then more deeply, he
text: moves on top of her.
text: The clock flashes, red black, red black.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: BCU OF THE DIGITAL CLOCK, COMING UP TO MIDNIGHT IT CLICKS
text: OVER TO A NEW DAY, SURROUNDED BY DARKNESS IT READS...
scene_heading: THURSDAY 8TH APRIL 1999.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RANCH HOUSE - MORNING
text: A door swings open, revealing Celia playing with her French
text: toast at the table, behind her Eva in Franklin’s arms
text: exchanging a brief kiss.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Gross...
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER.
text: Kevin picks up his school bag and archery kit swings them
text: over his shoulder and leaves the house, closing the door
text: behind him.
text: O.S. The radio still playing...a new song comes on; Charlene
text: ‘I've been to paradise’... The music continues over the
text: following sequence...no other sound.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING
dialog: Hey lady, you lady, cursing at your life...
text: It’s a beautiful day as Kevin saunters along the neat
text: manicured tree lined street with an air of confidence. He
text: looks handsome as the wind blows through his hair, his shirt
text: billows, he looks every inch the a promising young man....
dialog: ‘Your a disconted mother and a regimented wife’
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - MORNING
text: A pretty girl glances at Kevin as he holds his arm in the air
text: in answer to the teacher’s question.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - MORNING
dialog: “I've no doubt you dream about the things you'll never do”...
text: The corridors are full of students. Kevin pulls a handful of
text: envelopes from his bag and posts them into labelled pigeon
text: holes on the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL ENTRANCE - AFTERNOON
dialog: But I wish someone had a talked to meet, like I wanna talk to
dialog: you...
text: Kids pile out, laughing and chatting, full of energy. Kevin
text: sidles off towards the gym.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - AFTERNOON
text: B.C.U. Kevin’s hands as he fixes one of the huge yellow locks
text: to the double doors of the gym.
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kevin checks the door again and walks across the empty floor
text: of the gym. A lone basketball sits in a corner he picks it up
text: and turns in one movement, shoots a perfect hoop... that one
dialog: was all net.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING GALLERY - HIGH UP IN GYM.
dialog: “I've run out of places and friendly faces because I need to
dialog: be free”...
text: Kevin's face, handsome and focussed, the best we’ve ever seen
text: him as he fits arrow after arrow into his crossbow and fires
text: again and again, their whistle and dull thunk just audible
text: over the music.
dialog: “I've been to paradise but I've never been to me...”
text: CLOSE UP the lone basketball is pierced by an arrow, nailing
text: it to the floor. It deflates slowly with a gentle hiss.
scene_heading: INT. TO EXT. THE GYM - CONTINUOUS
text: The gym doors burst open, they’re surrounded by police
text: gunman, fireman and paramedics. Kevin is led out calmly into
dialog: the circus.
text: Helicopters swoop over head, red and blue flashing lights
text: illuminate the dusk sky.
text: Parents teachers and others crowd round in awe, being held
text: back by more police and barricades.
text: Eva's taut, pale face as she struggles through the crowds.
text: Kevin now handcuffed, is escorted to a police car and sat
text: down in the back, the door closed behind him.
text: Suddenly, Eva's desperate face appears at the window as she
text: cups a hand against the glass to cut out the reflection of
text: the flashing lights.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: EVA'S POV...
text: As she stares through the glass.
dialog: 128.
text: Kevin regards her calmly, placidly searching for something in
text: her eyes.
text: Whatever it is he doesn’t find it and they stare at each
text: other silently for a moment before the car starts to pull
dialog: away.
text: One last look from Kevin through the back window, he seems
text: pleased with himself, but he doesn’t smile.
text: O.S. A scream, Eva turns to see Soweto Washington being
text: wheeled out the gym, two arrows sticking out of his muscular
dialog: thighs.
text: Another gurney is wheeled out, a blanket over the body but
text: Laura Woolford’s expensive bracelets and hundred dollar
text: Manicure are unmistakable on the one exposed hand. A scream
text: from Mary Woolford as she breaks through the crowd and throws
text: herself on top of the body, sobbing uncontrollably.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - NIGHT
text: Eva drives erratically, constantly hitting redial on her
dialog: cell.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Franklin you son of a bitch!
text: Tears hot with fury sting her cheeks.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING AREA. POLICE STATION - NIGHT.
text: Coffee cup. Plastic cup. Styrofoam coffee cup.
text: O.S. Phones ringing, muted sobbing, distant voices. Kevin’s
text: name, mispronounced.
text: Eva, exhausted, suddenly aged, a dead look in her eyes,
text: marooned on a black PVC sofa as people rush to and fro,
text: blocking her from view.
text: Her knee shakes involuntarily.
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICER (0.S.)
dialog: ...-And see the little green and
dialog: white one, that’s very rare from
dialog: the days before NYPD blue...
text: A teenage boy sits across from her staring glassily into the
text: middle distance without seeming to ever blink, his T-shirt
text: speckled with blood.
dialog: 129.
text: Clutching her stomach Eva stands.
text: The receptionist eyes Eva coldly and nods in the direction of
text: the rest room further down the hall. There is a line.
scene_heading: RECEPTIONIST.
dialog: (without making eye
dialog: contact)
dialog: You’11 have to wait.
text: Eva meekly sits back down.
scene_heading: LATER STILL.
text: Almost alone...a cleaner with a mop and a radio.
text: Eva frozen in the same position on the black sofa.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Would you like to speak to your
dialog: son?
text: Eva shakes her head, desperate, almost fearful.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (0.S.)
dialog: Then you're free to go Mrs
dialog: Kachadaurian.
text: She looks up slowly, stunned.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: «+--+. I can go?
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION, LOT - NIGHT
text: She walks into the lot, everything alien.
text: Dazed, she wanders past her car, failing to recognize it the
text: first time down the row.
text: Yet once she finds the car she becomes strangely calm.
text: Sedate. Methodical. Keys. Lights. Seat belt. Windshield
text: wipers on interval, to clear the thin mist.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT.
text: Eva drives very slowly, breaking on yellow, coming to a
text: legally complete halt at the four way stop though there is no
dialog: traffic.
text: LATER, the car curves up the long drive to the house.
dialog: 130.
text: Methodically, she turns off the wipers and the lights then
text: locks the car.
text: She picks a leaf off the windscreen, scoops the jump rope off
text: the garage floor and hangs it carefully back on it’s hook on
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE - NIGHT.
dialog: Darkness.
text: O.S. The flick of a light switch.
text: Eva enters the kitchen.
text: The greasy breakfast dishes haven’t been tidied, plates and
text: juice glasses still on the counter, the answer phone bleeps
text: with a ton of messages. The white muslin curtains of the
text: garden doors drift lazily in the breeze.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Franklin?...Celia?
text: Her own voice coming back at her unnerves her, it’s sounds
text: small and tinny.
text: She walks through the house, flicking on lights.
dialog: Nothing.
text: She walks to the deck and looks out on the dark garden.
text: She finds the switch for the floodlights, pausing for what
text: seems like an age before she flips it.
text: The wide panorama of the garden lit up like a surreal
text: painting. The grass and bushes a vivid green. The blue night
text: sky twinkling with stars as a backdrop.
dialog: Celia.
text: Splayed like a discarded rag doll, lies in the grass. A
text: single arrow pins her tiny frame to the ground.
dialog: Franklin.
text: Stark in the glare of the floods, shafts of arrows through
text: his neck and upper body, a tragic expression frozen on his
text: face, profoundly disappointed.
text: A pause.
dialog: 131.
text: Eva switches off the floodlights.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOCAL GRAND UNION - EVENING
text: A huge woman struggles to reach into the depths of a
text: refrigeration unit and pulls out a five litre tub of ice
text: cream, slapping it on top of her already mountainous shopping
text: cart, piled high with groceries.
text: Eva’s cart seems empty by comparison, a half loaf of bread
text: and a bottle of white wine the only contents.
text: She reaches for a carton of eggs and places them on the kiddy
text: seat of the cart, flipping it open to check for breakages,
dialog: they're all whole.
text: O.S. The squeaky wheel of another cart turning into the
dialog: aisle.
text: Eva looks up. A woman about her age, in an outfit that may
dialog: have been fashionable ten years ago and appearing similarly
text: run down, is perusing the milk cartons, MARY WOOLFORD.
text: Eva blanches with a look of shocked recognition, pricks of
text: sweat dot her forehead.
text: O.S. The sound of blood singing in her ears.
text: She abandons her cart along with her embroidered Egyptian bag
text: and wallet and dives into the next aisle.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRAND UNION, SOUP AISLE - EVENING
text: A tin of Campbell’s soup full frame.
text: The rushing noise in Eva’s ears getting louder.
text: She gets herself together and manages to peer around the
text: corner furtively, Mary has gone.
scene_heading: INT. AT THE CHECKOUT - EVENING
text: Eva unloads her meagre groceries, picks up the egg carton and
text: drops it onto the counter with revulsion, it feels sticky.
text: The young checkout girl flicks it open.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: CHECKOUT GIRL
dialog: Jesus, all twelve.
text: Eva looks around distractedly... Mary had seen her after all.
text: In fact she can make her out at the other end of the store,
text: watching with an intense mixture of hatred and glee.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (slightly unhinged)
dialog: I’‘1ll take them as they are.
speaker_heading: CHECKOUT GIRL
dialog: But they’re totally...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’1l take them as they are!
text: She hands over her credit card.
speaker_heading: CHECKOUT GIRL
text: (loudly, as if talking to
dialog: the room)
dialog: Khatchadourian, that’s an unusual
dialog: name.
text: Eva pauses for a moment then smiles.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (just as loudly)
dialog: Yep, I’m the only one in the state.
text: She snatches back her card and the bag containing the gloopy
text: eggs and strides defiantly out of the store.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
text: Eva stops outside her run down, vandalized duplex.
text: A kid with a basketball in his hand stands staring at the
text: still-drying red paint.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Jesus.
text: She lets out a deep sigh; she had forgotten.
text: A man pokes his face out of a neighboring door and shouts
text: something at the kid, who stands stock still for an instant
text: then scoots off. His father ushers him inside and closes the
dialog: door.
dialog: 133.
text: Eva turns into the driveway. She goes to pick up her
text: groceries from her car, the bag almost bursts open, the gloop
text: from the eggs all over the passenger seat.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DUPLEX - DAY
text: O.S. An abrasive scrubbing sound.
text: A ladder against the white slatted wall.
text: A watery red liquid rushes down in a sudden wash.
text: Eva's feet appear as she descends.
text: A stained sponge and a scrubbing brush thrown into a bucket
dialog: of water.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, DUPLEX - DAY
text: Walking down the hall, bucket in her hand.
text: She catches a glimpse of her reflection in a mirror... almost
text: jumps in fright.
text: A red smear over her nose. Her arms up to the elbow
text: glistening as if she’d just carried out a bloodbath.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Scrubbing her hands in the sink.
text: She can’t budge the thin red line that stubbornly remains
text: under each fingernail.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING
text: The evening sun intensifies the already vivid red light in
text: the kitchen, the strange hue makes the plain omelette sat in
text: front of Eva resemble a slab of raw meat.
text: She stares at it, lost in thought, then she takes a bite.
text: Reaching up she pulls a piece of shell from her mouth.
speaker_heading: LATER
dialog: 134.
text: Eva pushes away her empty plate, a neat ring of pieces of
text: eggshell round it’s rim, drains her wine glass and reaches
text: for the bottle, a line has been drawn halfway down the label
text: and she pours herself a neat glass careful not to go over the
dialog: half way mark.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eva almost catatonic on the sofa. Channel surfing.
text: The Florida election debate is heating up and seems to be on
text: every station... she isn’t remotely interested, settles on
dialog: the Montel Show.
text: O.S. A woman weeping and the audience booing swims in and out
text: as Eva dozes off.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: ON THE SOUND TRACK...
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: They way I see it, the world is
dialog: divided into the watchers and the
dialog: watchees....There is more and more
dialog: of an audience and less and less to
dialog: see.
text: Eva comes to, her face lit up by the glow of the TV in the
text: darkness...pale and confused, she focuses on the screen with
text: increasing horror.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: People who actually do anything are
dialog: a goddamned endangered species. You
dialog: need us!
dialog: What would you do without me, film
dialog: a documentary on paint drying? What
dialog: are all those folks doing.. but
dialog: watching me. Don’t you think they
dialog: would’ve changed the channel by now
dialog: if all I’d done is get an A in
dialog: Geometry.
text: Eva mouth falls open...
text: ON THE SCREEN; we catch a brief glimpse of Kevin’s hands as
text: he tosses and rolls something between them casually while he
dialog: talks.
dialog: 135.
text: The camera zooms to one corner of the bare cell, a lone
text: photograph taped to the wall, swims into focus.
text: It’s Eva's favorite picture, the one that went missing.
text: Young, smiling and carefree in Amsterdam.
text: The TV switches off abruptly.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: O.S. THE BEEP OF THE ALARM CLOCK.
text: WHAP! HER HAND SLAMS DOWN ON THE SNOOZE BUTTON OF THE
text: BATTERED ALARM CLOCK, IT’S FACE CRACKED, BADLY REPAIRED WITH
scene_heading: TAPE. IT READS...
scene_heading: MONDAY 8TH APRIL 2001.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Eva’s feet crunch over the remains of the spilt pills, the
text: crumbs clinging to her bare feet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RED DUPLEX - MORNING
text: Eva, now dressed for work but still half asleep dodges a
text: viscous pool of paint that has dripped from the porch as she
text: heads for her run-down car.
scene_heading: INT. TRAVEL AGENT'S - DAY.
text: A cantankerous but indistinguishable voice garbles down the
text: line, Eva holds the phone away from her ear.
text: She picks at something caught in her hair, pulls it out and
text: inspects it, a dried fleck of red paint, she crumbles it to
dialog: the floor.
text: Eva feels someone hovering and glances up, an over-made up
text: women sporting a “My name is Wanda” lapel badge waits by her
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Okay, I’1l call back with the
dialog: confirmation... thanks... bye.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: Hey Eva...
dialog: 136.
text: She drops a huge pile of papers on Eva’s desk.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: .-i need you to go through these
dialog: bookings for me this afternoon...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Ummm....I can’t...I’m off this
dialog: afternoon... I did tell you.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: (tight lipped)
dialog: Oh sure, that’s right. I
dialog: forgot...well, just as soon as you
dialog: can then...
text: She drifts off.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - DAY
text: A long open road. Well outside town the land is flat dusty
text: and bare. A huge, low concrete structure crouches on the
text: horizon, surrounded by wire fencing.
text: Eva swallows and straightens her shoulders, preparing
dialog: herself.
scene_heading: EXT. CLAVERACK DETENTION CENTRE - DAY
text: Eva pushes a button on the wall outside the entrance, an
text: electric buzzer sounds.
text: She waits.
text: O.S. The clanking of bolts.
text: The door opens and a paunchy guard, (AL, late forties with a
text: smattering of raised brown facial moles) raises a hand.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Hey Eva.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Hey Al.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: You’re a week early ain’t ya?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I guess you could call it a special
dialog: occasion...
dialog: 137.
text: Eva is led through a series of doors and corridors. She's
text: padded down and searched with a metal detector. Eva knows the
text: routine and the guards all seem to know her.
text: Eventually she’s shown into a waiting room by Al, the door
text: closed behind her.
text: She sits in the corner of the drab, empty room.
text: She yawns, picks up a lone, well thumbed copy of the National
text: Enquirer, glances disinterestedly, then tosses it back on the
text: table and sighs.
text: The door creaks open, an attractive young black woman pokes
text: her head timidly into the room. Eva tries to raise a smile
text: for her but she seems anxious to avoid eye contact.
text: She creeps in and takes a seat in the opposite corner,
text: looking close to tears. After fidgeting restlessly for a few
text: moments she gets up, bending to pick up the solitary
text: magazine, she glances up at Eva.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: May I?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Go right ahead, but there’s not
dialog: much in there...
text: The woman manages a shy half smile and scurries back to her
text: chair. Eva notices her hands are trembling slightly as she
text: struggles to turn the pages noiselessly.
text: After a few moments she folds up the magazine and puts it
text: down, casting her eyes around the room she notices the
text: vending machine, standing in the corner.
text: She inserts a few coins, types in her selection. A mechanical
text: whirring, a packet of M & M,s is pushed forward, it’s just
text: about to fall into the drawer below when the whirring stops,
text: the candy hangs tentatively in the air, it’s jammed - the
text: machine goes silent.
text: This seems too much for her, she rests her forehead against
text: the clear plastic and lets out a low moan.
text: Suddenly, Eva is at her side. She bends down and gives the
text: vending machine a hearty whack with her fist, the M & M’s
text: drop into the drawer and Eva fishes them out, handing them to
text: the black woman with a smile.
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: EVA (CONT'D)
dialog: Works every time, just gotta hit
dialog: the right spot...
text: The woman smiles shyly, Eva finds herself holding her hand,
text: their eyes lock; strangely it’s Eva who’s eyes are filling
dialog: with tears.
speaker_heading: AL (0.S.)
dialog: Loretta Greenleaf?
text: The woman looks round.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Take care honey.
text: Another moment then she releases Eva’s hand and leaves with
dialog: the guard.
scene_heading: INT. VISITING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Al, you still got something on
dialog: your face...
text: Kevin is led in. Eva notices a change in his demeanor before
text: he says a word. All that snide condescension and the swagger
text: have fallen away. A couple of fresh scratches on his face,
text: his knuckles grazed.
text: He’s wearing an orange jumpsuit- it’s odd to see him wearing
text: something not only the normal size but too big for him. He
text: looks dwarfed, confused, bereft.
text: His eyes have shed their glaze and tunneled to the back of
text: his head.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You don’t look happy.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Have I ever?
text: His tone is wan.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I’m almost eighteen aren’t I.
text: He rubs his face, something in his manner shows a glimpse of
text: his father, Eva winces.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What is it, going to big school
dialog: make you nervous?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: ‘Nervous!’ Do you know anything
dialog: about those places?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well you did such a good job, tried
dialog: as a minor, out of your head on
dialog: prozac.. You'll be out in a couple
dialog: of years...
text: He shakes his head in dismay.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You know I saw you on TV
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh that.
text: He squirms with a tinge of embarrassment.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It was a while ago, you know, I was
dialog: into a... a thing.
text: He looks away from her.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Well I’m not sure about the thing
dialog: but you sounded quite intelligent,
dialog: now you only have to come up with
dialog: something to say that isn’t...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Horseshit?
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: You do know what day it is? Why
dialog: they let me come and see you on a
dialog: Monday?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh sure. It’s my anniversary.
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: That’s right... two years, plenty
dialog: of time to think about it...
text: She leans forward in her chair slightly.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Look me in the eye and tell me why?
text: Kevin can’t look her in the eye, his eyes shutter nervously
text: between the floor and the blank walls.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (glumly)
dialog: I used to think I knew...
dialog: Now I’m not so sure.
text: Without thinking, Eva extends her hand across the table and
text: clasps his. Astonishingly he doesn’t pull away.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Listen...I made you something. A -
dialog: well sort of present.
text: He draws a dark rectangular wooden box about five inches long
text: from his pocket, polishes the oiled wood with the wad of
text: toilet paper it’s been wrapped in.
text: Carefully he slides the box across the table keeping two
text: fingers on the top, the workmanship is surprisingly fine.
text: She reaches, but he keeps his fingers on it fast.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Don’t!...I mean whatever you do.
dialog: Don’t open it.
text: Eva instinctively shrinks back. She flushes, a little
text: shocked, a little horrified.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: (in a stinging tone)
dialog: I see. I thought that was one of
dialog: your most treasured possessions.
dialog: Why ever would you give it up?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It was like she was, sort of,
dialog: looking at me all the time. It
text: started to get spooky.
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: She is looking at you. So is your
dialog: father... every day.
text: Kevin stares at the table, he shoves the box a little further
text: towards Eva, then removes his hand.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Anyway, I thought you might take
dialog: this and, well maybe you know -
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Bury it.
text: Eva nods gravely and weighted by the enormity of the request,
text: they spend the remaining minutes of the visit in a heavy
text: leaden silence until the guard calls time.
text: Eva rises slowly followed by Kevin.
text: As she moves to hug him goodbye, he clings to her childishly
text: as he never had in childhood proper. He mutters something
text: choked into the upturned collar of her coat...’I’m sorry’?
text: She’s not sure if she’s heard him right but she takes the
dialog: risk.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I’m sorry too Kevin. I’m sorry too.
scene_heading: INT. EVA’S CAR - EARLY EVENING
text: Empty highway, silence fills the car.
text: Eva flicks on the radio.
text: ‘the Remington fuzz away’....
text: Scrambling channels, news, talk shows, ads....
dialog: --.’an oldie but a goodie’
dialog: .---Are you lonesome tonight?... Do you miss me tonight?
text: Neon signs reflected in the windscreen...Taco bell, Staples,
text: Wallmart, swim over Eva's face...
dialog: Does your memory stray to a bright sunny day.
text: A church sign, a hand with a stop watch,’Lord teach me how to
dialog: wait.’
dialog: 142.
text: She pulls up outside the duplex. Turns the engine off. Sits
text: in the car.
dialog: Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare?
text: Later, inside.
text: She sits on the couch dressed only in Franklin’s huge ancient
text: rock T-shirt. Absentmindedly, she pulls the material to her
text: face.... breathes in.
text: Her purse, half open sits waiting for her on the table, the
text: box visible.
text: A gulp of wine. She looks at the bottle, it’s down to the
text: halfway mark. Fuck it, fills her glass.
dialog: Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there?
text: Eva, fuzzy...puts her hand out to grip the bannister. There
dialog: is no bannister.
text: A door at the end of the hall the opposite end to Eva's, a
text: room we haven’t seen before, a pause, she pushes the door
dialog: open.
dialog: Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again?
text: A small, cell like bedroom; a neatly made, single bed. Not
text: much else, sparse and impersonal.
text: She places the little box on a bare shelf, beside the only
text: book, ‘ROBIN HOOD’.
dialog: Tell me dear are you....
text: She smooths down the bed covers, stands in the doorway for a
dialog: moment.
dialog: Lonesome tonight?
text: Eva turns off the light leaving the empty room... waiting.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: You know someone said that the
dialog: world's a stage, and each must play
dialog: a part...
dialog: 143.
dialog: Fate had me playing in love with
dialog: you as my sweet heart...
dialog: You read your lines so cleverly and
dialog: never missed a cue...
dialog: Now the stage is bare and I'm
text: standing there, with emptiness all
dialog: around...
dialog: And if you wont come back to me,
dialog: then they can bring the curtain
dialog: down...
dialog: 
