dialog: See!
dialog: August 1, 2003
scene_heading: THE WEDDING CRASHERS
dialog: by
dialog: Steve Faber
dialog: &
dialog: Bob Fisher
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, LAW FIRM OF BECKWITH AND KLEIN - DAY
text: A small Boston law firm. A few lawyers and clients mill
text: about, We zero in en one door with a plaque that reads "John
text: Beckwith." JOHN BECKWITH, an attorney, early thirties, is
text: sitting at his desk in a well appointed office talking on the
text: phone angrily.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh bullshit! You saw the
dialog: surveillance videotape. Your
dialog: client’s slip and fall was the
dialog: biggest acting job since I took
dialog: the stage in eighth grade as
dialog: Othelio. And I blew!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: - Never gonna happen. Maybe a
dialog: quarter of that. Maybe. I'll talk
dialog: to the insurer.
text: John’s attention is captured by a hot secretary walking by.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Great. Talk to your client.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, next Friday. I got good
dialog: seats. Bring that girl, your
dialog: friend...with the hair? Yeah. Okay.
text: John hangs up the phone and puts his feet up on the desk.
scene_heading: INT, LAW FIRM OF BECKWITH AND KLEIN - CONTINUOUS
text: JEREMY KLEIN, a Divorce lawyer, early 30's, sits at a desk
text: with a WOMAN, also in her thirties. His eyes wander to the
text: same hot secretary now walking by his office.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Eight years of marriage all shot
dialog: to hell.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (eyes following the
dialog: secretary's ass
dialog: Had I known you eight years ago I
dialog: would have advised you to avoid
dialog: the wedding.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: But I do believe in the
dialog: institution of marriage.
text: Jeremy's attention is jolted back to the woman.
dialog: The woman
speaker_heading: = JEREMY
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Did you say the
dialog: “institution?” No, no. The Boston
dialog: Red Sox are an institution.
dialog: Pastrami on rye is an institution.
dialog: Mr. Rogers is an institution..
dialog: Marriage is a curse. Our
dialog: punishment for original sin.
text: is taken aback.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you understand the ugliness I
dialog: see here every day? The sheer
dialog: torment? The absolute hell? Just
dialog: because people like you...and God
dialog: bless your innocent heart, really
dialog: believe in the "institution" of
dialog: marriage!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: My parents were happily married.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No. They really weren't. You think
dialog: they were. But they really weren't.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: They weren't?
text: Jeremy shakes his head.
dialog: He shakes
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (continuing: beat)
dialog: Mom did drink...quite a lot.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Of course she did. They all do.
dialog: {ushering the woman
dialog: out)
dialog: Don't worry, we'll go for the
dialog: jugular,
text: her hand and the woman exits. He sees John down the
text: hall and motions for him to come by. John enters and plops
text: down on the couch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what's up?
text: Jeremy xeaches into his desk drawer and pulls out a bottle of
text: single malt scotch with a ribbon around it and hands it to
dialog: John.
speaker_heading: ~ JEREMY
dialog: Happy Anniversary.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fifteen years, my friend!
text: John looks perplexed.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: June 11, 1988? Paul Revere High?
dialog: Junior Prom night?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ohhhh,. Right. Yeah. The night we
dialog: met.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Could you sound more underwhelmed?
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: I'm not underwhelmed.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You took Barbara Rothstein to the
text: - prom and wound up in the men's
text: _ room making out with another girl.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And you were in the stall next to
dialog: me making. out with some chick who
dialog: was not your date. Who was your
dialog: date?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Mary Theresa Spinolli. Don't you
dialog: remember? Turned out she was
dialog: cheating on me!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ohhh. That's right.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I knew that night that you and I
dialog: were cut from the same cloth. Best
dialog: friends forever.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't believe you forgot.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A lot on my mind.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: You think it's gay, don't you? The
dialog: anniversary thing...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't think it's gay.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Because you forgot on our tenth,
dialog: too. Remember I got you that beer-
dialog: of-the-month club thing?
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: Yeah, that was great. The beer.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You thought it was gay.
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: I didn't think it was gay, for
dialog: Christ's sake! It was beer!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Then how come you never get me
dialog: anything for our anniversary?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay...what you said right there?
dialog: That was a little gay.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh, fuck you. Anyway, we've got a
dialog: big three weeks ahead of us.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. End of the wedding season.
dialog: How many weddings are we gonna
dialog: crash?
text: Jeremy looks at his daytimer.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I've got us down for eight.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Any of them cash bars?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Two. But I got it covered.
dialog: (pulling out two
dialog: medals)
dialog: Purple hearts. We won't have buy
dialog: a drink all night.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Eight opportunities to get laid,
dialog: my friend. Eight opportunities to
dialog: score with women so aroused by the
dialog: thought of marriage they
dialog: mistakenly hook on to us as the
dialog: men of their dreams.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bingo. I'll get my tux.
text: Jeremy walks to his door and grabs a clothing bag. They exit.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE BETH SHALOM/VESTIBULE - LATER
text: John and Jeremy, in tuxedos, enter the Synagogue and
text: introduce themselves to the ushers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi, Lou Epstein.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Chuck Schwartz.
text: They both put on their yarmulkes.
scene_heading: INT. SYNAGOGUE - A LITTLE LATER
text: The service is in full swing. The Rabbi is chanting. John
text: glances at a pretty young woman sitting down the aisle from
text: him. She's choked up. She looks at John and smiles. John
text: takes out a handkerchief and dabs a fake tear from his eye.
text: The woman takes a breath, she's smitten. It takes a real man
text: to cry at a wedding. CLOSE ON: John's hand. He's concealing
text: a small tube of "Bausch and Laumb Hypo Tears."
text: Jeremy makes eye contact with another woman. She returns the
text: eye contact. Jeremy smiles and turns away. She's not the one.
text: He looks to his left and catches the gaze of a young blonde
text: woman. She briefly returns his glance and half-smiles. Jeremy
text: smiles. She's the one.
scene_heading: INT.. SYNAGOGUE - A LITTLE LATER
text: The Rabbi concludes, the Groom steps on the glass, the crowd
dialog: including our guys shout, "Mazel Tov!™
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - LATER
text: The reception is in full swing. As a sort of hip Klezmer band
text: plays, we see John and Jeremy practicing the fine art of
dialog: wedding crashing:
dialog: John does a-magic trick for some kids,
text: Jeremy dances with the bride's mother. She's blushing.
text: John slaps some old guy on the back as John shares with him
text: a disingenuous laugh.
text: Jeremy raises his glass to toast the happy couple.
text: John raises his glass to toast the happy couple.
dialog: Jeremy does magic tricks for the kids.
text: John dances with the pride's mother.
text: Jeremy dances with the second woman he made eye contact with.
text: John dances slowly with the woman who saw him cry.
text: Jeremy, in a secluded alcove, is about to kiss the woman he
dialog: was dancing with.
text: John, in a secluded alcove, is-about to kiss the woman he was
dialog: dancing with. .
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
scene_heading: EXT. ST. MARY'S CHURCH - AFTERNOON
text: John and Jeremy walk up the steps of a Catholic Church.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARY'S CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: John and Jéremy enter and introduce themselves to the ushers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jimmy O'Shea.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Tommy Fitzpatrick.
scene_heading: INT. VENDATA NARAYAN HINDU TEMPLE
text: John and Jeremy enter and introduce themseives to the ushers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Henry Prajshnap.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Chuck Vindaloo.
scene_heading: INT. ONE OF THE VARIOUS RECEPTIONS
text: Jeremy is dancing with a red-head.
speaker_heading: : _ RED HEAD
dialog: r- Wow. Operation Desert Storm,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Don't really like to talk about
dialog: it. We lost a lect of good men out
dialog: there.
text: She melts into his chest.
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT RECEPTION
text: John is dancing with a BLONDE.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Wow. Mt. Everest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't really like to talk about
dialog: it. We lost a lot of good men out
dialog: there.
text: She melts into his chest.
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT RECEPTION
text: > ceremy is dancing with an INDIAN WOMAN. Ceremy is wearing the
text: traditional bindi (dot) on his forehead.
speaker_heading: INDIAN WOMAN
dialog: Wow. The Peace Corps.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Don't really like to talk about
dialog: it. We lost @ lot of good men out
dialog: there.
text: She melts into his chest.
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT RECEPTION - LATER
text: John is dancing with a BRUNETTE.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: Wow. The Néw York Yankees.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (without thinking)
dialog: Don't really like to taik about
dialog: it. We lest a lot of good men out
dialog: ‘there.
speaker_heading: BRUNETTE
dialog: 
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: What? Oh! The fans. got
dialog: unruly...and there were
dialog: trades...it was ugly.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH WEDDING RECEPTION
text: An OLD COUPLE look toward John who's at full-throttle,
text: dancing, having a good time.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (re. John)
dialog: Who is that?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Uh...him? I think that's Sid's
dialog: kid. Leonard. The diabetic.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Ohbhh...
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN RECEPTION
text: Another OLD COUPLE watch Jeremy dancing and dipping the bride.
speaker_heading: OLD ITALIAN MAN
dialog: Who is that?
speaker_heading: OLD ITALIAN WOMAN
dialog: - Uh...him? That's Louie and Gina's
dialog: kid, Christopher. The banker.
scene_heading: INT. PORTUGUESE RECEPTION
speaker_heading: OLB PORTUGUESE MAN
dialog: {re. John)
dialog: That's Carmen’s nephew, Manny. The
dialog: veterinarian.
scene_heading: INT. IRISH RECEPTION - LATE
speaker_heading: OLD IRISH WOMAN
dialog: (re. Jeremy)
dialog: That's the O'Shaughnessy kid,
dialog: Timmy. The astronaut. :
scene_heading: INT. HINDU RECEPTION - LATE
speaker_heading: OLD INDIAN MAN
dialog: (re. John)
dialog: That's... Prajshnap. Lima and
text: Jahawal's boy. The shrimper.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH.WEDDING RECEPTION
text: John and Jeremy are just..beginning to dance to.the perennial
text: wedding reception song, "Shout!" The guests sing along. Close
text: on John and Jeremy as they sing and dance.
speaker_heading: JOHN AND JEREMY
dialog: “It makes you want to shout! Put
dialog: your hands up and shout!"
scene_heading: INT. PORTUGUESE RECEPTION
speaker_heading: JOHN AND JEREMY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Fa-Lo querer shout! Ponha seus
dialog: bracos acima e shout! Ponha seus
dialog: pes acima e shout!
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RECEPTION
speaker_heading: JOHN AND JEREMY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “Gee-Tun-chee-na-to Shout! Choy-
dialog: eng-to-uh-see-ho Shout! Shi-i~no-
dialog: gong-a-to Shout!"
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -—- NIGHT
text: John and one of the women we've seen from a wedding jump into
text: bed as "Shout" continues to play.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
dialog: Jeremy and one of the women we've seen from a wedding also
text: jump into bed as “Shout” keeps playing.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS BEDROOMS
text: We intercut between DIFFERENT WOMEN with John and Jeremy
text: jumping into bed. "Shout" still plays.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS DANCE FLOORS, RECEPTIONS, AND BEDROOMS
text: The music gets louder and louder. A rapid sequence of dance
text: floors, receptions, winks, nods, kisses, toasts as the music
text: crescendos. When we hear the final "shout," the music stops
text: and we cut to John and Jeremy each rolling off of their
text: respective women. Jeremy sighs contentedly. John stares off
text: pensively: something's missing.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gohn is at his desk, working. Jeremy walks right in and sits
text: down, holding a newspaper.
dialog: 10.
dialog: =~ JEREMY.
dialog: John, I am holding the Kentucky
dialog: Derby of wedding announcements!
speaker_heading: JOHN |
dialog: "I thought we were done for a while?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: This is different. This is the
dialog: Secretary of the fucking Treasury! !
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Cleary?
speaker_heading: : JEREMY
dialog: Yes, Cleary's daughter! Out ‘on the
dialog: Cape!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (unenthusiastic}
dialog: Mm hmm.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What's wrong with you?-This is the
dialog: Clearys!! They're an institution!
dialog: We've never crashed anything like
dialog: this! Five hundred single women.
dialog: Three live bands! Oysters!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay...
text: Jeremy stares at him.
speaker_heading: JEREMY *
dialog: "Okay?!" See? This is what I'm
dialog: talking about!
speaker_heading: JOERN
dialog: I'm tired, all right?! My feet
text: hurt. My voice is hoarse.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You don't care about this anymore!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you talking about? Of
dialog: course I care!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: At the Buckner nuptials, you were
text: in the corner, sulking!
dialog: y
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: ~ JOHN
dialog: I wasn't sulking! I twisted my
dialog: ankle. .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Rule six: Don't sit in the corner
text: and sulk. It draws attention in a
dialog: negative way. Draw attention to
dialog: yourself oh your own terms!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know the rules, Jeremy!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: When Chazz Reingheld gave us those
dialog: sacred rules of wedding crashing
dialog: twelve years ago, he passed on a
dialog: legacy. We have a responsibility
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You know, you make it sound like
dialog: a cuit. Chazz Reinghold was a kook!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Bite your tongue! He was not kcok!}
dialog: He was.a brave and decent man!
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: He lived with his mother until he
dialog: was forty! She tried to poison his
dialog: catmeai! Even she couldn't take it!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: That was never proven! And anyway,
dialog: what about Rule Three?! Rule Three
dialog: for Chrissakes, John!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh not that again--
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Rule Three: Toast in the native
dialog: language if you knew the native
dialog: language and have practiced the
dialog: toast. Do not wing it! Last week
dialog: you when you toasted the groom in
dialog: Hindi--
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: Ok! I got a couple of words mixed
dialog: up. Big deal!
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: A couple of words mixed up?! You
dialog: told.the entire..wedding. party that
dialog: the bride was very lucky because
dialog: her new husband smelled like the
dialog: anus of the cobra!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I meant, he had the power..of
dialog: the...cobra! Okay?! ...anyway I
dialog: managed to turn that into a a
dialog: compliment, did I not?! ‘ .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh please... So do you want to do
dialog: this or not?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Give me the paper.
text: John grabs the paper from Jeremy and reads the announcement.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing; beat} .
dialog: All right, well first of all, I'm
dialog: not saying it's impossibie, but it
dialog: is going to require some planning.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: There's my man. He's back. My man
dialog: is back!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH YARD - MORNING, A WEEK LATER
text: John and Jeremy are standing outside John's car in front of
dialog: a very nice old Catholic church on the Cape. They're in their
text: tuxes, both putting on their cufflinks, combing their hair,
text: etc. We see guests milling about in front of the church.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay, let's do our pre-game.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What's to know? Big Catholic
dialog: wedding. Lots of rich fuckers. Hot
dialog: chicks. We can do this in our
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Rule one: Always prepare.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fine. What do you have?
text: John reaches in the car and hands him a folder.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: A few articles on Secretary
dialog: -Cleary's economic policy. Skim
dialog: them quickly. Also a rester of the
text: key family members. A glossary of
dialog: sailing terms. Sailing's like sex
dialog: to these people.
text: Jeremy looks over the folder.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {reading to himself)
dialog: Ckay...Harvard...Kennedy School of
dialog: Government,..Mom's big with the
dialog: charities blah blah blah. Three
dialog: daughters, one son, a million
dialog: foundations. Barf. Puke. Gag.
dialog: Okay. Got it. What's our back
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're brothers from New Hampshire.
dialog: We're venture capitalists.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'm sick of that one. Why don't we
dialog: be from...Vermont and..: and have,
dialog: say, an emerging maple syrup
dialog: conglomerate.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Because we don't know anything
dialog: about maple syrup.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I know everything about maple
dialog: syrup. I love maple syrup,
speaker_heading: JOEN
dialog: I love red vines. Doesn't mean we
dialog: should be the red vine barons,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Good point.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - A MINUTE LATER
text: John and Jeremy walk toward the church confidently. They see
text: two men checking names as the guests enter the church. John
text: and Jeremy stop about twenty feet from the church. They see
text: men in suits with earpieces.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I knew it! Secret Service.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: = JEREMY
dialog: Yeah. So?
speaker_heading: . JOBN .
dialog: So they don't mess around. They're
dialog: trained to take bullets.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Big deal. I could take bullets.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, please. You -won't even geta
dialog: flu shot. Maybe we should catch
dialog: that Portuguese wedding down in
dialog: .New Bedford. They'll have those
dialog: Sausages you like.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fuck the sausages. We're hitting
dialog: this one. Everything we've done
dialog: for the last twelve years, all
dialog: that hard work, has lead us to
dialog: this moment.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fine. How do you want to get in?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: ’ Okay. Let me think.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll do an end run!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Guarded.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Shit! |
dialog: . (beat)
dialog: Hey! We’ll create a disturbance}
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not with these guys. Disturbances
dialog: just hype their radar.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay, then what do you got?
text: John looks to the parking lot behind Jeremy and sees a large
text: mini-van pull up. A BIG GROUP of people get out cf the mini-
text: van. Probably some sort of extended family.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let's just rush in with this big
dialog: group.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: A rush?! You want to do a rush?
speaker_heading: JOHN |
dialog: Yeah, what's wrong with a rush?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's amateur hour, buddy. It's
dialog: bush league. We're better than a
dialog: rush. .
text: The big group walks toward the church.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tt'11 work.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No. A rush is how you crash the
dialog: Journey concert when you're
dialog: thirteen. We're not gonna do a
dialog: rush. It's beneath us. We're
dialog: craftsmen.
text: A member of the big group points to a name on the list and
text: the big grous starts to file into the church.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go!
text: John pushes Jeremy into the big group and they successfully
text: enter the church under their cover.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: John and Jeremy enter to find a beautiful old church. John
text: notices an attractive WOMAN IN A BLUE DRESS taiking to a
text: friend. They're pointing to various seats trying to make a
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to the woman in the
dialog: blue dress)
text: Five rows back. Close enough to
text: the altar but far enough back to
text: see the bride's entrance.
text: The woman in the blue dress smiles at him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now, a lot of people go “gor the
dialog: aisle. That's a mistake. You have
dialog: that whole “should I make eye
dialog: contact with the bride" business.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 
dialog: wo
dialog: 16,
speaker_heading: - JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: You don't want that. It's awkward.
dialog: . Fifth now back, second seat in.
dialog: Trust me.
scene_heading: WOMAN IN THE BLUE DRESS
dialog: That's great. Thank you so much.
text: She smiles at John and walks to the seat he recommended.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: i have to hit the head.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay. I'll get us some seats on
dialog: the groom's side.
text: Jeremy finds seats as John heads te the bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH BATHROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER
speaker_heading: The GROOM
text: is leaning against a urinal, hyper-ventilating and
text: dry-heaving before the service as John enters. John has seen
dialog: this many
dialog: The groom
dialog: The groom
dialog: The groom
text: times before. He stands at the next urinal.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, I know what you're thinking.
text: Startled, turns around.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're thinking, "What have I
dialog: done? i'm over. I'm finished. Now
dialog: it ends." And at what? Twenty-six?
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Twenty-six years of pure uncut
dialog: premium Grade-A sexual freedom.
dialog: Yeah, it's a drug. A drug that
dialog: makes morphine look like skittles,
dialog: and it's going right down the
dialog: toilet as you descend into the
text: abyss of country kitchens, dirty
text: diapers, mind-numbing conversation
dialog: about her "needs" and worse, the
dialog: Same sex with the same person, day
dialog: after day, night after night, year
dialog: in, year out.
text: starts retching again.
dialog: The groom
dialog: The groom
dialog: The groom
dialog: L7.
speaker_heading: ” JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, you're wrong. It's -not like
dialog: that. You see it as the beginning
dialog: ef the end. No, my friend! It's
dialog: the end of the beginning...
text: looks up, encouraged.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing
dialog: You're about to enter a world so
dialog: complex and fulfilling, it makes
dialog: your old life of endless boozing,
dialog: late nights, and meaningless
dialog: pieces of ass seem like the
dialog: shaliow depressing graveyard that
dialog: it really is.
dialog: nods,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: _ A world rich with deep love,
text: adoration and appreciation from a
dialog: life partner...well this kind of
dialog: happiness you never dreamed
dialog: possible. It's a mystery, a gift
dialog: that God gave us. And when the
dialog: kids come? They call you
dialog: Daddy...and you're their hero. And
dialog: you end up growing cold with
dialog: someone whose love for you is
text: timeless, endless. Someone who
dialog: knows what you're thinking before
dialog: you say it. Who'll take care of
dialog: you when you're sick, comfort you
dialog: when you're sad, laugh with you,
dialog: cry with you.
text: takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: Someone you never have to impress,
dialog: but always want to. Most men wouid
dialog: give up their left arm to be in
dialog: your shoes.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: (beat, he’s better)
dialog: Thank you...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: / - JOHN
dialog: phe No problem.
dialog: ‘ . (pointing to.the door)
dialog: Now, go get ‘em.
text: John watches the groom start to exit. But before re-entering
text: the church, the groom stops and turns around.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: Hey, how long have you been
dialog: . married?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh...I'm not. married,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I might try to nail that chick in
text: blue dress, though. She seems nice.
text: The groom looks perplexed as John exits.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - A MINUTE LATER
text: John kneels down next to Jeremy in the pew, who's pretending
text: : to be in prayer. They both pretend to be in prayer as they
text: start scoping potential women. They sit back down.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sotto)
text: Third row. Straw hat.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: You know that women who wear hats
dialog: never give it up. C'mon!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (a little too loud)
dialog: What? That's not true! I bagged
dialog: that hat chick at the Martingano
dialog: wedding!
text: People turn around, John smiles apologetically.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A little louder. I don't think the
dialog: Priest heard you.
text: A COUPLE in their fifties sit down next to John. The man
text: reaches out his hand to John.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Frank Myers.
dialog: 
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: John Ryan. This is my brother
dialog: Jeremy.
text: Jeremy nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Se, how do you know the groom?
speaker_heading: JOEN -
dialog: Oh, we're... ©
dialog: {quick beat of
dialog: thinking)
dialog: Uncle Ned's kids.
speaker_heading: FRANK .
dialog: Uncle Ned? Is he Liz's brother?
speaker_heading: JOEN
dialog: Yeah...Liz's brother.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Great. ‘How is everybody?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh really. Dad's fine. Aunt Liz
dialog: sends her best. She couldn't make
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Uh...I know. She's dead.
text: Jeremy leans over. He's had to do this hefore.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: She sends her best from the grave.
dialog: We've become very spiritual.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I see....
text: Franks smiles and turns away.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {sotto to John)
dialog: How many times are you gonna do
dialog: this? If you're going to commit to
dialog: a relative, be sure make you know
dialog: whether they have a pulse.
text: The groom comes out unto the altar. The guests turn toward
text: the back of the church. John and Jeremy turn to see a
text: groomsmen escort a very old lady to her seat.
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
text: This is MARY CLEARY, the grandmother of the bride and the
text: matriarch of the Cleary family. Next, two groomsmen walk the
text: mother of the bride, KATHLEEN-CLEARY to her seat. She. has the
dialog: glow of someone who. has been drinking... every day for the
dialog: last twenty-five years.
text: A cute FLOWER GIRL, about seven, walks up the aisle,
text: concentrating hard on what she's supposed to be doing. She
text: takes two deliberate steps and them tosses some flower petals.
speaker_heading: FLOWER GIRL
dialog: Step. Step. Throw. Step. Step.
dialog: Throw.
text: She continues to do this until ‘she gets near the altar.
text: Noticing that she still has a lot of petais left, she empties
text: the rest of the flowers unto the floor and sits down in the
dialog: first aisle.
text: Next, groomsmen and bridesmaids start to walk down the aisle.
text: One of the bridesmaids is GLORIA CLEARY, the bride's youngest
text: sister. She's attractive in a sweet and wholesome sort of way
text: and Jeremy elbows John.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {sotto)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: {then to John)
dialog: Dibs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: All yours, my friend.
text: A groomsman, SACK LODGE, walks the maid of honor, CLAIRE
text: CLEARY, the bride's sister, down the aisle. She's very
text: attractive and John takes notice. When she gets to the altar,
text: a String Quartet plays "Here Comes the Bride," The guests
text: stand as the BRIDE is walked down the aisle by her father,
scene_heading: TREASURY SECRETARY WILLIAM CLEARY
text: John takes a look at the bride and turns to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: ‘ JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think we've got a crier.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Nah...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Twenty bucks?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're on.
dialog: 21.
text: The Secretary walks the bride to the altar and after giving
text: her a kiss on the cheek, sits down next to his wife, The
text: bride immediately starts bawling.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Jesus...
text: Jeremy reaches into his wallet and hands John a twenty.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - A LITTLE LATER
text: John and Jeremy are bored like crazy. The Priest, FATHER
text: O'NEIL, a grandfatherly sort, continues the service.
speaker_heading: FATHER O'NEIL |
dialog: Now, for our next reading, I'd
dialog: like to invite the bride's sister,
text: Gloria, up to the lectern,
speaker_heading: JOHK
dialog: (sotto to Jeremy)
dialog: Twenty bucks says it's First
dialog: Corinthians. -
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No way. Colossians. 3:12.
text: Gloria walks up to the lectern, opens the bible and starts
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: A reading from Paul's first letter
dialog: to the Carinthians.
text: Jeremy rolls his eyes. He reaches into his pocket and pulis
text: out ancther twenty and hands it to John.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (continuing; reading)
dialog: “Love is patient. Love is kind..."
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sotte, mimicking)
dialog: Love is bullshit. Love sucks dick.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - FORTY FIVE MINUTES LATER
text: Jeremy is dozing off in the pew. John elbows him. Jeremy
text: jolts awake and dabs some fake tears under his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {by rote)
dialog: I just leve to see young people
dialog: happy .
speaker_heading: N
scene_heading: - FATHER O'NEIL
text: Craig and Christina are both quite
dialog: the. sailing enthusiasts. Sc it
dialog: came as no surprise to any of us
dialog: when Craig proposed to Christina
dialog: while sailing the Caribbean.
text: John and Jeremy look at each other and feign a dry-heave.
speaker_heading: FATHER O'NEIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Speaking on behalf of all of us,
dialog: I think I can say confidently that
dialog: this marriage will be
dialog: (thinks this is
dialog: clever)
dialog: smooth sailing all the way. Now,
dialog: the bride and the groom have
dialog: elected to say vows that they
dialog: themselves have written.
text: The RING BEARER hands the Priest the pillow that carries the
text: rings. The Priest hands a ring to the groom who places it on
dialog: the bride's finger. oe
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: I Craig, take you Catherine to be
dialog: my wife, my best friend, and my
dialog: first mate.
text: Claire, the maid of honor, makes a face that says "Oh,
text: please." John notices this and smiles.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: To captain our ship of love and to
dialog: stay with that ship ro matter how
dialog: rough the seas. “
text: Claire has to stifle laughter.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Through health and sickness, clear
text: skies and squalls.
text: Claire lets out a little laugh. John can't take his eyes off
text: of her. In ten years of wedding crashing, -he has never seen
text: anyone in the pridal party laugh during the vows.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You are the star I set my course
dialog: to. You are my magnetic north. My
dialog: sextant always point to you.
dialog: 
text: Claire can't fight it, she laughs. She coughs to cover her
text: laugh. The Bride leoks crossly at her.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Sorry. Tickle in my throat. Please
dialog: continue.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Well, this is a first.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (enamoured)
dialog: She's amazing....
text: The bride places a ring on the groom's finger.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: I Christina take you, Craig, to be
dialog: my husband, my best friend, and my
dialog: Captain,
text: Claire's in agony, pinching herself to keep from losing it.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: To be your anchor and your sail,
dialog: your starboard and your port, your
dialog: bow and your stern.
text: Claire has to turn around. Her shoulders are heaving.
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Your life, your love, your lady,
dialog: and the sea.
text: Still turned around, Claire snort-laughs.
speaker_heading: FATHER O'NEIL
dialog: By the power vested in me the
dialog: Roman Catholic Church and by the
dialog: Commonwealth of Massachusetts, I
dialog: now proncunce you Husband and Wife.
dialog: {to the Groom}
dialog: You may now... :
dialog: (a little reluctantly)
dialog: ...kiss the first mate.
text: Claire explodes in laughter which is drowned out by the
text: guests' applause as the Bride and Groom walk down the aisle.
text: The groomsmen and bridesmaids file out after them. John
text: studies Claire the whole way down the aisle. He's enthralled.
text: Jeremy winks at Gloria who blushes.
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB ~ NOON, LATER THAT DAY
text: John and Jeremy..walk through.-an éntrance. area and into a
text: large banquet room. John's holding a gift. Off to the side is
text: @ bar area and off to the. other side is a deck with an ocean
text: view. Everything is decorated beautifully. There are opulent
text: platters of food. A SWING BAND ig playing. It's like
text: something from Gatsby. A waiter comés by with a tray of
text: lobster canapes. They each take one. Then Jeremy takes
text: another. The waiter walks off. Jeremy looks around, He's in
dialog: heaven. Women and food.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Sweet, huh? What did I tell you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You said it would be sweet.
text: John sees Claire, the Maid of Honor arrive. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Get us seats near-- but not too
dialog: near~- the bridal party. I'1l drop
dialog: the fake present.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Excellent. And if you see any crab
dialog: cakes, grab me sotie. Got to have
dialog: some crab cakes,
text: John walks off to find the gift table. Jeremy surveys the
text: room. He looks at the name cards on the plates and pulls out
text: several name cards from his coat pocket. He shuffles through
text: the cards and finds a style match. He takes two other cards
dialog: from the table,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Sorry Mr. and Mrs. Burgess. I'm
dialog: sure we'll find you another lovely
dialog: table.
text: Jeremy places his fake cards down on the table. CLOSE ON: The
text: new NAME CARDS read "John Ryan” and "Jeremy Ryan."
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB ~- A MINUTE LATER |
text: John approaches the wedding present table and places the fake
text: gift down. CLAIRE walks up and starts checking out the gifts.
text: She picks up a medium size box and gives it a little shake,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fondue set.
dialog: 25.
text: Claire's net sure what he's talking about.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: | CLAIRE
dialog: Excuse me?~
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The present you're holding. It's
text: a sterling silver fondue set,
text: He holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN ©
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: John Ryan.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Claire Cleary.
dialog: (re. present)
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sort of a psychic.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE -
dialog: Really?
dialog: (picks up another one)
dialog: > What's this one, then?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Knife set. Very nice. German.
text: Claire picks up another.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Cotton linens, Egyptian.
text: Jonn quickiy picks up a series of presents names all of them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: . {continuing)
text: Place setting. Candlesticks.
dialog: Crystal Stemware... which they'11
dialog: never use by the way and, I have
dialog: to say, is bad karma.
text: She holds up a small box.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
text: Massage oils and a book on Tantra.
dialog: Probably from the wacky Aunt.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: _ CLAIRE
dialog: (leoking at’ gift card}
dialog: Aunt Millie. Wow.. You definitely
dialog: have a gift.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes. Unfortunately, my powers ‘only
dialog: apply to useless consumer products.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Weil, look, if one day, the police
dialog: need someone to find a missing
dialog: Belgian waffle maker, you're there.
text: John laughs. Claire's mom Kathleen approaches.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Claire, we need you for pictures.
dialog: (re. John)
dialog: Who! 8 your friend?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: This is John Ryan.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {to Claire)
dialog: You remembered my name. Very good.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I have a gift.
text: She winks at him and walks away with Kathleen. Kathleen’ turns
text: around and winks at him too.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/BAR AREA - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: John enters the bar area. Jeremy waiks up to him. He's eating.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You must try the bacon wrapped
text: scallops.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Will do.
dialog: (neticing a woman
dialog: approaching)
dialog: Oh shit! Isn't that the chick you
dialog: picked up at the Byrne Wedding?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sees the woman,
dialog: panics)
dialog: Quick hide me!
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: Too late. We'll do number ten from
dialog: -the playbook,
text: She walks up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Shlomo?! I thought you were
dialog: renouncing your possessions and
dialog: moving to Nepal.
text: Jeremy looks at her, feigning confusion.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Shlomo? Don't you remember me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, God, I'm sorry. You didn’t
dialog: hear, I guess. Shlomo had a bad
text: accident. In the Himalayas.
dialog: Sherpas, pack mules. Oxygen
text: deprivation. He doesn't remember
dialog: anyone. Even me, his own brother.-
dialog: I'm just some nice man who helps
dialog: him out.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, you poor dear.
text: Jeremy looks at her and does fake sign language to John,
speaker_heading: JOBN
dialog: (to the woman}
dialog: I'm afraid, he can't hear you.
dialog: Part of the accident. You here for
dialog: the Cleary Wedding?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yes, but I have to leave. I've got
dialog: a flight to Madrid.
text: Out of her sight, Jeremy mouths "Thank God" to John.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I could hang out for a few
dialog: minutes.
dialog: (stroking Jeremy's
dialog: arm)
dialog: On, poor Shiomo.
text: Jeremy does more fake sign language.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ~ JOHN
dialog: He wants me to take him to the
dialog: bathroom.
dialog: (off more fake sign
dialog: language)
dialog: And he wants some crab cakes.
dialog: {to Jeremy, signing)
dialog: Okay, we'll go to the bathroom
dialog: first then we'll get the crab
dialog: cakes.
text: Jeremy signs angrily.
dialog: The woman
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing; signing)
dialog: Fine. We'll get you the crab cakes
dialog: first.
dialog: (te the woman)
dialog: Please excuse us.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: {handing John a card)
dialog: Here's my number if there's
dialog: anything I can do to help.
text: walks away. Jeremy grabs the card.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Cool. In a couple of weeks T'1l
dialog: have you call her for me.
dialog: Guaranteed score. Deaf-mute
dialog: amnesiac. They love that. I won't
dialog: even have to buy her dinner.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Charming. So what angle are you
dialog: going to work here?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {leoking around)
dialog: UOh...2'11 think I start with a
dialog: public balloon animal display for
dialog: the kids and then, when that chick
text: draws near, do the man-haunted-by-
dialog: noble-past.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: - JOHN .
dialog: No brainer. I'm gonna work the Dad
dialog: -and then.dance with the little
dialog: flower girl. Public policy minded
dialog: and good with kids.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Beautiful.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let's do it. ©
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB ~ A LITTLE LATER
text: Jeremy is making balloon animals for the kids. Presently,
text: he's making an elephant. He hands the finished elephant to a
text: kid. All the other kids are impressed. Jeremy looks around
text: for Gloria, the bridesmaid he had "dibs" on at the ceremony.
text: She looking at him from the corner of-the room,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay, who's next?
text: A BRATTY KID steps to the front of the crowd.
speaker_heading: BRATTY KID
dialog: I want a bicycle.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: BR bike takes too many balloons.
dialog: Uncle Jeremy's a little out of
dialog: breath. How about a giraffe?
dialog: Giraffe's are cool.
text: The bratty kid gets right in Jeremy's face.
speaker_heading: BRATTY KID
dialog: Make me a. bicycle.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB - A LITTLE LATER
text: John is dancing with the Flower Girl who's counting her steps.
speaker_heading: FLOWER GIRL
dialog: One, two, three, step. One, two,
dialog: three, step.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tell you what. Why don’t you just
dialog: step on my shoes and I'll show you
dialog: a few moves you can bust out on
dialog: your classmates. Would you like
dialog: that?
dialog: She steps
dialog: the floor
speaker_heading: 7 FLOWER GIRL
dialog: Yes, piease. .
text: on John's shoes and he moves the Flower Girl around
text: like Gene Kelly. She's laughing and having the time
text: of her life. Claire notices John and smiles at him. John
text: smiles back and dips the Flower Girl, who's eating this up.
text: KATHLEEN CLEARY, the mother of the bride, steps in.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: (to John}
dialog: Let's see how you do with someone
dialog: your own age.
text: She's twice his age.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think I'm up to the challenge.
dialog: {to the Flower Girl)
dialog: Save me a dance later.
text: The Flower Girl smiles and walks away. John spins Kathleen
text: around the dance floor,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So, how long have you and the
dialog: Secretary béen married?
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Oh, thirty years next’ April.
speaker_heading: JOHN -
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Yeah, and we were faithful for two
dialog: of them.
text: She grabs Johns ass. CLOSE ON: John's stunned expression.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB - A LITTLE LATER
text: Jeremy hands an incredibly elaborate balloon bicycle to the
text: bratty kid. Gloria walks up and notices the balloon.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: {to Jeremy)
dialog: You're good.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: This is nething. Yesterday I made
dialog: my grandma a new house. Real nice
text: one, too. With a pool.
text: ‘ Gloria laughs.
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Okay, then I'll take a sports car.
speaker_heading: JEREMY,
dialog: Or how about a dance instead?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That's what I really wanted.
text: Jeremy pulls Gloria out on the dance floor.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: John is with Secretary Cleary.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: You read my position paper on
dialog: market expansion in Micronesia?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course. Read it while I was
dialog: sailing my boat to Bermuda.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Ah, a sailor. Good man. Hey, you
dialog: y didn't happen to catch my speech
dialog: on the Paraguayan Debt and Money
dialog: Supply issue, did you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are you kidding me? It was
dialog: brilliant. Now if only Congress
dialog: weren't so short-sighted.
text: Secretary Cleary is thrilled by John's praise.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Yes, yes! So short-sighted.
dialog: (putting his arm
dialog: around John)
dialog: John, what do you say you and I
text: head out to the deck and light up
dialog: a couple of cigars?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing would make me happier, sir.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy and Gloria are dancing to a slower song.
speaker_heading: > GLORIA
dialog: And you saved his life?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ~ JEREMY
dialog: Yeah, some others weren't so
dialog: lucky. It still shakes me up to
dialog: talk about it.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: . JEREMY
dialog: {a little choked up)
dialog: It's okay, It's just... we lost
dialog: some really good mén.
text: Jeremy stops dancing and looks down, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; then)
dialog: If you'll excuse me. I think I
dialog: need to get some air.
dialog: {shaking her hand
dialog: It was nice meeting you.
text: Jeremy walks off towards the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - A MINUTE LATER
text: Jeremy walks down toward the ocean,
speaker_heading: GLORIA (0.8.)
dialog: Jeremy! Wait up.
text: Over Jeremy's shoulder, we see Gloria running to catch up to
text: him. Jeremy smiles to himself. He's got her.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DECK AREA - LATER
text: John and Sec. Cleary are out on the deck, smoking cigars, and
text: looking out at the ocean,
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: John, you seem like an astute man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Maybe you can help explain
dialog: something to me.
dialog: (nodding towards the
dialog: corner of the deck)
dialog: See that young man over there?
text: John looks to see a young man, about 22. He's an intense,
dialog: morose, artiste.
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
text: He’s plucking petals off a rose and tossing them into the
text: ocean, watching each petal intently as it falls. This is
text: Secretary Cleary's son, TODD.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN,
speaker_heading: SEC, CLEARY
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: That's my son, Todd.
dialog: (shaking his head}
dialog: Twenty-two years old, The whole
text: world in front of him. Every
dialog: cadvantage in life. Advantages I
dialog: never had. Well, that's not
dialog: exactly true, He had the same
dialog: advantages I had, which is a hell
dialog: of a lot of advantages. So here's
dialog: my question: what does he have to
dialog: be so morose about?
dialog: I don't know sir. Maybe he hasn't
dialog: found anything to believe in yet.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh, he says he believes in
dialog: (with disdain}
dialog: art. But all I've seen him do is
text: dribble his own blood on a canvas,
text: then smear it around with a stick.
dialog: Well, some people think that's art.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: it's crap. Whatever happened to
dialog: public service, our obligation to
dialog: our fellow man?
dialog: (noticing a waiter,
text: he holds up his
dialog: glass)
dialog: Um, Franklin. My daiquiri's at
text: half mast.
text: the waiter, grabs the glass.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Right away, sir.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sure he's, you know, just
text: finding his way.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: And perhaps I should take it
dialog: easier on him?
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: Perhaps.
dialog: po
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: - SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Yeah. Maybe your right,
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (screaming out
dialog: towards the ocean)
dialog: Death! You are my bitch lover!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Good, Todd, that's good! You tell
dialog: that...mean...ocean.
text: John nods and smiles at Cleary.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: deremy and Gloria are siting in a deserted cove. She's
text: completely smitten.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And so you dove into the icy water
dialog: to save him?
speaker_heading: JEREMY °
dialog: Yeah, well, I'm sure anyone would
dialog: do the same.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I've always wondered about this.
dialog: It's so amazing to me. Why would
dialog: aman risk his own life to save
dialog: + the life of someone he doesn't
dialog: even know?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, the great 19th century
dialog: philosopher Schopenhauer asked
dialog: that very question and this is how
dialog: he answered it. He said that at
text: that moment when a person sees
dialog: another in danger, there is a
text: breaking in of a metaphysical
dialog: awareness. You know what that
dialog: awareness is?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (expectantly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: That we are all one. That
dialog: separateness is an illusion. That
dialog: I am one with everyone.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: SN : JEREMY (cont'd)
dialog: y The Prime Minister of England, my
dialog: great Uncle Harry, you, me, the
dialog: fat kid on "What's Happening." We
dialog: are all one.
speaker_heading: : GLORIA
dialog: We are?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yes. :
dialog: (taking her hand}
dialog: My hand... is your hand.
dialog: {touching her cheek)
dialog: My cheek... is your cheek.
dialog: (touching her lips)
dialog: My lips...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Are my lips?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yes.
text: She kisses him passionately.
scene_heading: » EXT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DECK AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: John is still with Sec. Cleary. Claire walks up.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Claire, there's someone I want you
dialog: to meet. This is John Ryan.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: We've Met. He's psychic.
speaker_heading: SEC, CLEARY
dialog: Really? Well, maybe he can tell me
dialog: where my daiquiri is.
dialog: : (shouting)
dialog: Franklin! Oh, Franklin!
text: Sec. Cleary exits.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You're a big hit at this wedding.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A lot of nice people here.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: » Oh, they're full of shit.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ~ JOHN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: The only reason ninety-percent of
dialog: these people are here is because
dialog: of my Dad. They're ail suckling at
dialog: the power-teat.
speaker_heading: JOHN .
dialog: Yeah. Well, I'm here for the
dialog: crabcakes and the power-teat. When
dialog: is the suckling, by the way? After
dialog: the first dance?
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don't know. Everyone walking
dialog: around trying to act like they
dialog: care. It's awful. Plus the place
text: is rife with lawyers. A gazillion
dialog: lawyers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not big on lawyers, huh?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hate ‘em. I mean...you'ré not one
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh God, no. But Just out of
dialog: curiosity, what have you got
dialog: against lawyers?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE :
dialog: Lawyers are by nature liars. And
dialog: I hate liars.
text: We see a few people slap Sec. Cleary on the back and share a
dialog: laugh with him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See? Suckling.
text: John laughs. He's finding Claire completely adorable.
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: - JORN
dialog: Maybe, but I think most people
dialog: come to, weddings, even this one,
dialog: because they want to believe
dialog: they're in the presence of true
dialog: love, that true love is possible.
dialog: Even the lawyers. And the sucklers.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: True love, huh? And what is "true
dialog: love," John Ryan?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well...true love is your soul's
dialog: recognition of it's counterpoint
dialog: in another.
text: This obviously moves her, but she tries to wave it off.
dialog: She hands
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Well, that's a little grandiose.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Perhaps. So are you giving a toast?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes! Normally I'm terrible at
dialog: these things, but I think this
dialog: one's pretty good.
text: John a piece of paper. He reads it over.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I had to fight the urge to be
dialog: completeiy honest. What do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think the urge won.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What are you talking about?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can't say this.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Why not?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 7 JOHN
dialog: — (reading,
dialog: . » dncredulously)
dialog: "T never thought my sister would
dialog: find someone who cared about what
dialog: people thought as much as she did.
dialog: Until I met Craig.”
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What?! It's funny. Funny because
dialog: it's true. People like funny.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, see, the funny-because-it's~
dialog: true bit only works if the truth
dialog: is a small thing like "Tim's a
dialog: little frugal" or "We all know
dialog: Jennifer likes to shop. Ha. Ha.”
dialog: I mean, people are here for a
dialog: wedding, not to see Don Rickles at
dialog: the Sands. i'd give it a fifteen,
dialog: maybe a twenty pércent chance of
dialog: a laugh. Not worth it. See, people
dialog: : . want something from the heart.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: : {a little perturbed)
dialog: al Well I think people are gonna love
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Nope, you're gonna get dead
text: silence. Crickets.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: You're wrong. I'm going to stick
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fine. I'il be in the back of the
dialog: room waiting to tell you I told
dialog: you so.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/BANQUET ROOM - LATER
text: The BEST MAN finishing up his toast.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ” BEST MAN
dialog: But I think Bruce Springsteen said
dialog: it -best when he-said, "Someday
dialog: baby, I don't know when, we're
dialog: gonna find that place where we
dialog: walk in the sun.” And I just want
dialog: to say how happy I am that my best
dialog: friend and the woman he loves have
dialog: found that place. It's truly
dialog: inspiring to us ail.
text: An audible "aww" comes from the guests. They clink their
text: glasses. John, standing in the back of room makes eye contact
text: with Claire. John makes the gag sign. Claire stands up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I never thought my sister would
dialog: find someone who cared about what
dialog: people thought as much as she did.
dialog: Until I met Craig.
text: Not a laugh in the place, In fact people are dismayed.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: As you all know both my sister and
dialog: Craig are lawyers at big firms in
dialog: New York. But that's not the only
dialog: thing they have in common. You
dialog: see, they both have the same
dialog: favorite color. Green.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Uh..-like...money? You know?
text: Again, not a laugh. The guests are starting to shift in their
dialog: seets.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Look, I'm sorry. I'm not really
dialog: good at this sort of thing.
text: to John, who points to his heart.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I will tell you this. I've
dialog: heard it said that true love is
dialog: the soul's recognition of it's
dialog: counterpoint in another. That's a
dialog: very rare thing in this world and
dialog: it's something to be valued. And
dialog: I'm just really happy that my
dialog: sister has found it.
dialog: 40.
text: The guests-all say “aww." The bride starts to cry, rushes up
text: and hugs Claire. Thé quests applaud. Claire looks over at
text: John who-motions for her to meet him in the bar.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SIMULTANEOUS
text: _Jeremy and Gloria are under a blanket. They've just had sex.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That's was so amazing.
speaker_heading: JEREMY ©
dialog: Yeah, great. What do you say we
dialog: head back? :
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I always knew my first time would
dialog: be on the beach. I'm just so happy
dialog: it was you.
text: CLOSE ON: Jeremy. He gulps in fear.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Wait a minute. First time?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: SEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You were a virgin?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Mm-nmm. Oh, Jeremy, we're gonna be
dialog: so happy together. I love you.
text: CLOSE ON: Jeremy. A look of total panic.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/BAR AREA - SIMULTANEOUS
text: John and Claire meet in the bar.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now you know never to doubt me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ;
dialog: God, it was exhilarating. It was...
text: She leans in the hug John but before she can, SACK (one of
text: the groomsmen) rushes up to her. Sack, early thirties, is
text: great looking, Ivy League, rich, works for noble causes. The
dialog: guy every guy hates.
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: _ SACK
dialog: Claire, you were awesome,
text: Sack and Claire kiss. John is dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: : CLATRE
dialog: John, this is my boyfriend, Sack.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (halfheartedly)
dialog: Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: (to Claire)
dialog: Let's dance.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to John)
dialog: It was great meeting you.
text: She shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, you too. -
text: John takes a big slug of his drink. Jeremy rushes up to him.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Dude, we've got to get out of
dialog: here. ASAP. I've got a stage five
dialog: clinger.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need more time.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're not hearing me. She's a
dialog: stage five! A virgin clinger! I'll
text: start the car.
text: John is looking over at Claire and Sack.
dialog: Secretary
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; off
dialog: ‘John's look at
dialog: Claire) .
dialog: Give it up already. Her sister
dialog: told me she's got a boyfriend.
dialog: Tough luck. We all have our bad
dialog: days. I neéd’us to leave right now!
text: Cleary approaches with Gloria and his wife.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: There you two are.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Actually... we're about to leave.
dialog: It's been-a lovely wedding.
dialog: (to Gloria)
dialog: I'll call you. It's a promise.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (ignoring Jeremy, to
speaker_heading: wJonn)
dialog: Well, look, we always hate to see
dialog: the wedding end so we keep the
dialog: party going back at our little
dialog: place on the Vineyard. It's sort
dialog: of a Cleary family tradition.
dialog: And, well, since we've all taken
dialog: a shine to you, we'd love you to
dialog: be our guests for the weekend.
dialog: What do you say?
text: Gloria smiles hopefully. Kathleen Cleary does the same.
text: Claire and Sack approach the group. John looks at Claire.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We'd love to. .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What?! We don't have any other
dialog: clothes!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh, we have everything you need
text: out on the island.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: But I promised my Granny I'd take
dialog: her to the park,
speaker_heading: GLORTA
dialog: And I'm sure daddy can hire
dialog: somebody to take your Granny to
dialog: the park.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Not a problem.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Great! Done.
text: John smiles. Jeremy starts to say something and John steps on
text: his foot, Cleary slaps John on the back.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - THAT AFTERNOON
text: John, Jeremy and about fifteen others are on the Cleary
text: yacht, a large expanse of boat, sailing toward Martha's
text: Vineyard. John and Jeremy stand at the stern of the boat.
text: Gloria approaches the guys.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jeremy, sweetie, I'm making
dialog: lemonade. Interested?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Sure, sure.. That'd be great, honey.
text: She smiles and crosses away.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; sotto}
dialog: And could you put some heroin in
dialog: it? John, this is against the
dialog: rules! You've got a wedding and a
dialog: reception tc seal the deal.
dialog: Period. No overtime!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh realiy? No overtime? Need I
dialog: remind you of the Chung wedding,
dialog: 19977?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: All right, look--
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We finished the reception. I'm
dialog: ready to go home. Next thing you
dialog: know, you're dragging me to watch
dialog: you and some chick play mah-jongg
dialog: with her grandmother thirty miles
text: away at a retirement home.
speaker_heading: UEREMY
dialog: I needed to do that, all right?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You needed to do that..-ha.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: She was into her grandma! You know
dialog: the driiil
text: John scoffs.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; loudly)
dialog: It was my first Asian!
dialog: 44,
text: Le The people-on the boat turn around and look at Jeremy. John
text: shoots him a look,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, I just need some alone time
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: She's got a boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JOHN: .
dialog: They all have boyfriends. So what?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay. Fine. Get some alone time,
dialog: seal the deal and let's get the
dialog: fuck away from these people.
text: Sack walks over to them.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Gentlemen. Everything okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN - -
dialog: Oh yeah, Fine.
text: oe Sack looks overboard.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Oh man, will you check that out.
text: A school of bluefish.
text: Sohn and Jeremy lean over to take a look.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: You know, these waters use to be
text: flush with bluefish. And then the
dialog: corporate polluters came in and
dialog: well, you can guess the rest.
dialog: After we, and I mean the National
dialog: Environmental Defense League under
dialog: my stewardship, got Massachusetts
dialog: to pass the Bluefish Revival Act--
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Bluefish Revival Act? They were at
dialog: Woodstock,’ right?
text: Sack laughs insincerely. William Cleary ambles over, cocktail
text: in hand, and quickly looks overboard.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: - SEC, CLEARY
dialog: My God! Are those bluefish?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You know, Sack here is single-
dialog: handedly responsible for the spurt
dialog: in the bluefish population.
text: Jeremy's about to crack wise-ass but John elbows him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes we heard.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Well, anyway, listen, aS soon as
dialog: we get to the compound we were
dialog: thinking about a little touch
dialog: football. game. Sort of a Cleary
dialog: family tradition. What do you say?
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Great. - -
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Good! .
dialog: (examines his glass}
dialog: Damn, my daiquiri'ts at low-tide.
dialog: (looks overboard)
dialog: God, I love those bluefish.
text: Jeremy looks overboard. Cleary gives Jeremy a hard but
text: friendly slap on the back and Jeremy falls into the ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - A LITTLE LATER
text: Jeremy is wet and shivering on the deck. As the boat
text: approaches land, John and Jeremy can see the Cleary family
text: compound on Martha's Vineyard. It's a huge, old beachfront
text: mansion with a large lawn and adirondack chairs strewn about.
text: There's also a dock, housing varicus sailboats.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sotte to John)
dialog: That's the “little place back on
dialog: the Vineyard?"
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY FAMILY COMPOUND - LATER THAT AFTERNOON
text: Jeremy and Jchn line up in a scrimmage with other guests
text: including Claire, Cleary, and Sack. Todd, Claire's younger
text: brother sits in a lawnchair on the sideline reading.
dialog: 46,
text: John hikes-the ball to Jeremy and goes out for a pass. He's
text: being covered by Sack. John fakes like he's doing an "out"
text: pattern but goes long.. Sack is completely.fooled. John
text: catches the pass from Jeremy for a touchdown. John is
text: congratulated by his teammates. Sack fumes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY FAMILY COMPOUND - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: John hikes the ball to Jeremy. Sack rushes in, aiming for
text: John. He misses him and completely flattens Jeremy who
text: Manages to get the pass off.
text: ANGLE ON: John racing downfield. He reaches out to catch the
text: pass, however Claire intercepts. She does a little pivot
text: dance to get around John. John mimics her wildly. She laughs.
dialog: He touch/tags her. .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Not fair! You made me laugh!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, it's not fair. Yet a lot of
dialog: things in lite aren't fair.
text: He mimics her again. She laughs and looks upfield.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hey, is your friend okay?
text: ANGLE ON: A few people are dragging Jeremy's seemingly
text: lifeless body off the field. John runs over.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: I don't know what got into me.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: I do! Five generations of Lodge .
dialog: family breeding. Hell, your father
dialog: used to pull the same stunt when
dialog: we were your age.
text: Sack and Cleary share a laugh. John rushes over to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are you all right?
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh he's fine! Hey, Jeremy, why
dialog: don't you sit out the next play.
dialog: Todd, come on in.
text: Todd looks up from his book.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You must be joking.
scene_heading: - SEC. CLEARY
dialog: It wouldn't kill you to play some
dialog: competitive sports once in a
dialog: while, would it?
text: Todd scoffs. Cleary rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: égrabbing his side)
dialog: It's ok. It’s ok. Um, perhaps Todd
dialog: could donate a kidney instead.
text: Gloria rushes over, hyper-concerned. She leans over him and
text: sticks her tongue half way down his throat. Jeremy jumps up
dialog: to get away from her.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Good, good. I'm better now. Second
dialog: down.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY FAMILY COMPOUND - A MINUTE LATER
text: Different scrimmage. John i858 the quarterback. Jeremy hikes it
text: to him as Sack comes in to rush. John whips the ball guickly
text: to Jeremy who is pummeled and flattened by Sack.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Damn! What in the world is wrong
dialog: with me?!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Nature versus nurture, Lodge.
dialog: Nature always wins.
text: They share another overly-exaggerated manly chortle.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Let's take a daiquiri time-out.
text: John walks over to Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Um...I may need you to perform the
dialog: Heimlich maneuver. I think I'm
dialog: checking on my own nuts. Do we get
dialog: to leave now?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
dialog: 48.
text: Gloria rushes over with her mother, Kathleen.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Honey, let's take him in the house
dialog: and get him fixed up.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Sure, Mom.
text: Gloria nelps Jeremy up who is practically concussive. They
text: hobble into the house, leaving John alone with Kathleen.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: (to John)
dialog: It's so hot out. Why don't you
dialog: play in your underwear?
text: She gives him a long, flirtatious look.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Umm...
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Think about it. I'll make you a -
dialog: drink.
text: John stares at her perplexed as she walks off.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY BATHROOM ~ A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Jeremy: ig sitting on the edge of the tub in serious pain as
text: Gloria applies mecurichrome to his wounds.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Ah man! That stings!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Ohhh, poor baby. Want me to
dialog: blow...on it?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's fine.
text: She gets on his lap. RANDOLPH, the early 40's Jamaican butler
text: passes by the open bathroom door. They don't see him.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You know, I'm not wearing panties.
text: Randolph's shocked. He clears his throat. They look up.
text: Gloria jumps off Jeremy's lap. Randolph speaks with a thick
dialog: Jamaican accent.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: _ RANDOLPH:
dialog: Oh, don't worry, little Gloria.
dialog: Mum's the word.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Thank you, Randolph.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPE
dialog: A little more discreet though,
dialog: okay?
text: Randolph shuts the door, shakes his head and walks away.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh Jesus...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Don't worry. He won't say
dialog: anything. Now where were we? Oh
dialog: right, I'm not wearing panties.
text: She starts to straddle him again.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's like eight hours ago you were
dialog: a shy virgin. Now you're not
dialog: wearing panties?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (purring)
dialog: You do that to me.
text: She starts kissing him. He moves her off his lap.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Gloria, look, I'm tired. It's been
dialog: a long day. Not to mention that
dialog: your sister's boyfriend made a
dialog: smoothy with my nards. I'm not
text: exactly in the mood.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: Fine.
text: She takes a swab of mecurichrome and stabs his wound.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Kaaaaarrrrrrrrgh!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: My Father warned me about people
dialog: like you! I'm just enother notch
dialog: on your belt!
dialog: She takes
dialog: She melts
speaker_heading: “ JEREMY
dialog: No, no, it's not like that!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What's it like then, Jeremy?!
dialog: Huh?! Huh?!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's like...
text: another load of medicine and tortures another wound.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Raaaaaaarrrrrrgh!
dialog: (quickly) .
dialog: Ok, ok. It's like you're so, uh,
dialog: damn precious that I would...
dialog: uh...feel like...uh...I'm using
dialog: you if we took every opportunity
dialog: to express our...love...in a
dialog: physical way. It diminishes the
dialog: poetry of this thing that we have.
text: into his arms.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You're my knight. in shining armor.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Cool. Good. Good.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Don't ever leave me.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh no. Never. Don't you worry...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because I'll find you.
text: They get up. Jeremy's stressed. They exit into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy and Gloria pass Sec. Cleary.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Get him all patched up, Glory-bug?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I sure did, Daddy.
scene_heading: ” SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Well, you go change for dinner.
text: She gives Jeremy a peck on the cheek and walks away.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You really seem to make her happy,
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: ’ JEREMY
dialog: Oh well...yeah,
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Well, she's my youngest and I
dialog: spoil her a bit. I can only hope
dialog: you treat her honorably. You know,
dialog: she's not just another notch on
dialog: the ol' belt.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh no, no. Of course not, sir.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Good, good. Because that would
dialog: make me angry in ways you cannot
dialog: possibly imagine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'm a very powerful man.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Right...yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SEC, CLEARY
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (pondering)
dialog: Boy, I wish to Christ we could get
dialog: her off that mood medication, Oh
dialog: well, see you downstairs for
dialog: dinner.
text: Cleary walks away. Jeremy is now horrified.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY DINING ROOM - LATER
text: An opulent dinner for fifteen is in the process of being
text: served, Cleary is at the head of tne table. His mother
text: GRANDMA MARY, a woman who looks nearly 100, sits next to him.
text: The rest of the family, Sack, and the other guests fill out
text: the table. Randolph, the Jamaican butler, stands nearby.
text: John and Jeremy enter the alcove just outside the dining
text: room. John locks at Sack. He's holding court. John's
text: nauseated.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
dialog: 52,
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: (intense but sotto)
dialog: Jer, you have the visine?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No! Not the visine! It's too éarly!
speaker_heading: JOHN :
dialog: I need the visine, goddamit. Give
dialog: it to me! ’
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You know the rules. The visine is
dialog: a last resort. The visine's a
dialog: fucking felony.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can't get any alone time with
text: her. The guy won't leave her side.
dialog: I need the visine.
speaker_heading: JUSREMY
dialog: The visine's fucking hard-core. A
text: few drops in his drink and he*li
dialog: spend the next twenty-fotir hours
text: going down on a toilet séat,
text: puking his guts out.
text: Sack at the dinner table.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: ...80 when I picked up the little
dialog: sea otter and wiped the oil off
dialog: him from the tanker spill, I swear
dialog: he...smiled. It was a little...
dialog: otter smile. You know, all teeth,
dialog: the whiskers kind of pert...
text: Jeremy and John, Jeremy: reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: JEREMY |
dialog: Okay, here's the visine.
text: John and Jeremy enter the dining room.
text: They sit down near the head of the table. Gloria has saved a
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY’
dialog: Here they are!
text: seat for Jeremy right next to her,
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: Heavenly Father...
text: Everyone bows their heads. John quickiy squirts the visine
text: into Sack’s wine.
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We thank you for the bounty on
dialog: this table and ask you bless our
dialog: family and friends here assembled.
dialog: In the name of the Father, the
dialog: Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen.
text: They all make the sign of the cross. Jeremy, preoccupied,
text: doesn't until John nudges him. Randolph walks over with a
text: platter and sets it on the table.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh, these scallops look fantastic.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: I brought them from an organic
text: scallop farm right off Nauggesett.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: {proudly}
dialog: Yeah, Sack talked the Governor
dialog: into subsidizing part of the
dialog: project.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Yup. Now, it's the state's only
text: self-sustaining scallop farm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Say that five times fast.
text: Claire laughs, then stops herself.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {pointedly to Sack)
dialog: I bet they're tasty. Maybe I'll
dialog: try them when my jaw heals.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Again, I'm sorry, Jeremy. It's
dialog: that damn competitive streak. I'm
text: seeing a Buddhist about it.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh, not just any Buddhist. His
dialog: Holiness the Dalai Lama. He's a
dialog: friend.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: Really? I'm seeing a orthopedist
dialog: .-when I get back-to-tewn. Not just
dialog: any orthopedist. Dr. Epstein--
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: (sotto, to Jeremy)
dialog: Enough, ok?
dialog: (to Sack}
dialog: He's just fooling around. So how
dialog: long have you and Claire been
dialog: together, Sack.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Uh...I don't know. What's it been,
dialog: Claire? A couple of years?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Three and a half.
dialog: (to John and Jeremy)
dialog: We started dating while we were
dialog: doing that Habitat for Humanity
dialog: thing.
text: Sack smiles.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Anyway, John, tell me how you're
dialog: connected to the family again?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uncle Ned's kids.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You know...Uncle Ned? The brother
dialog: of.... Aunt Liz?
text: John and Jeremy bow their heads and make the sign of the
dialog: Cross,
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: {suspicious}
dialog: Uh-huh...
text: We see Gloria reach her hand under the table and grab
text: Jeremy's crotch. Jeremy's eyes bug out. He tries to push. her
text: arm away. Gloria, her arm hidden by the table cloth, begins
text: to furiously masturbate Jeremy.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: So John and his brother here are
dialog: venture capitalists.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ~ JEREMY
dialog: . (falsetto)
dialog: That's right!
text: John looks at him strangely, then looks down. He sees what's
text: happening and gives Jeremy a shocked look.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: That's great.. The venture
dialog: capitalist. The backbone of the
dialog: system. The new pioneer.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: So is it just about money?
text: Sack feigns disgust.
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: Oh...no, no! Not at all. It's
dialog: about, you know, investing in
dialog: projects that are both ethically
dialog: and morally defensible.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Like what, for example?
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: (making this up as he
dialog: goes along)
dialog: Like what? Oh, you know, we've got
dialog: company that, uh, takes the wool
dialog: from sheep and uh, and turns it
dialog: into thread for the homeless
dialog: people to sew...into cloth and
dialog: then make, you know shirts and
text: pants to sell at a profit.
dialog: Everybody wins.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Cool...
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Mmm. What's it called?
text: Jeremy is near climax.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (falsetto)
dialog: Holy sh-- .
speaker_heading: JON .
dialog: {quickly)
dialog: Holy Shirts And Pants.
dialog: 56. °
text: we The group nods approvingly. Cleary's wife Kathleen looks at
text: : John and licks her lips seductively. John's horrified. Sack
text: reaches down and feels his stomach. Something's-wrong,
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: I don't feel so good.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (ignoring Sack)
dialog: That’s a hell of a good project.
dialog: Let me mention something to the
dialog: Commerce secretary.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great, great.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Isn't my Willy doing a wonderful
dialog: job there in Washington?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh yes, Ma'am.
scene_heading: . SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh Mommy... .
speaker_heading: be KATHLEEN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: He still calls his mother "Mommy."
dialog: Isn't that cuté?
text: Kathleen slams down her wine and pours another. Gloria is
text: finished with Jeremy. She giggles. Jeremy is spent.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: The President is so proud of my
dialog: Willy.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (sotto, to Jeremy)
dialog: I'm so proud of your willy.
text: Jeremy, shocked, takes a drink of water.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: You know, Willy's predecessor was
dialog: a Jew.
text: Jeremy spits up his water.
scene_heading: . SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Mommy, let's not go there. Saul
dialog: Rothstein was a good man.
dialog: -—
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: — GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Maybe so.
dialog: {beat)
dialog: For a Jew.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Grandma, you can't talk that way.
dialog: You can't feel that way. It's not
dialog: right! -
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (to the table)
dialog: Mommy's a little old-fashioned.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sotto, to John)
dialog: Yeah. Like Hitler.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: What did you say his name was
dialog: again, Willy? Hymie Bergstein? I
dialog: always forget his name. Buc my
dialog: God, did he have a nose on him.
text: Jeremy's aghast. It's like he's eating with the Gestapo.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Grandma!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Well, you could have used it to
dialog: flip pancakes. It was like a
dialog: spatula. i mean you could write
dialog: the Ten Commandments on each side
dialog: of that thing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Grandma Mary}
dialog: Ma'am, I have to tell you I happen
dialog: to have a lot of very good friends
dialog: who are Jewish. As does my brother.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Very close to the Jews.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: {how dare you?!)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes. Really.
dialog: 5B,
speaker_heading: ” CLAIRE
dialog: {to John)
dialog: Thank you. Finally someone speaks
dialog: up.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Of course. We all have Jewish
dialog: friends! Nothing wrong with that.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: “Well I guess you have to now,
dialog: especially if you're doing
dialog: anything in finance. They own all
dialog: of that. Can somebody bring me
dialog: another sherry?
text: Randolph pours her another sherry. She downs it while holding
text: onto the butler's sleeve. She makes him pour another.
text: Sack grabs his stomach. He's turning green.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: I've gotta go.
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What's wrong, honey?
speaker_heading: . SACK
dialog: Gotta...go.
text: Sack bolts from the table.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh dear. Hope he's okay...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, there™s a lot of flu going
dialog: eround.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: But his eyes are sure clear.
text: John elbows Jeremy. John. passes a platter to Todd.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh, I don't eat meat or fish.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: (beat, sweetly)
dialog: He's a homo.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Grandma!
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: - GRANDMA MARY
dialog: > . What? He can't help it. They say
dialog: it's genetic.
dialog: tindicating Kathleen)
text: From her side of the family.
text: Todd's head sinks. Jeremy gives him a sympathetic pat on the
text: arm. Todd looks at Jeremy...lovingly.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE’
dialog: (changing ‘topic}
dialog: Todd's an amazing painter. He's
dialog: going to the Rhode Island School
dialog: of Design.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wow, That's very impressive.
speaker_heading: . TODD
dialog: Dad used to think I was a
dialog: political liability, you know, in
dialog: case he ever ran for President.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Oh Todd.
dialog: . (to John}
dialog: Well, actually, truth be told,
dialog: > polling shows a majority of the
dialog: American people would ultimately
dialog: _@mpathize with our situation.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What is "our situation," Dad?!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: You're a homo,
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Oh, for Chrissakes, William. Put
dialog: Mommy to bed already!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Okay. Mommy, we've had a long day.
text: Cleary motions over Randolph, who helps Grandma Mary up.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: I can do it myself, asshole.
text: Grandma Mary, clearly drunk, shuffles off. Todd, pissed off,
text: gets up and storms off.
speaker_heading: > , TODD
dialog: T'll be in my room.
dialog: Painting...homo things.
text: “ KATHLEEN .
dialog: - You go right ahead, Toddy.
speaker_heading: JOHN _
dialog: {to Claire) .
dialog: So maybe after dinner we could
dialog: take a walk? .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: How about now? I can't take this
dialog: anymore. They're driving me crazy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great! Let me just change my shoes.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: I'll be outside waiting. Hurry up.
speaker_heading: ; JOHN
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Claire gets up and hastily exits. John looks at Jeremy and
text: winks. He gets up and exits in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM - A MINUTE LATER
text: John is sitting on the bed putting on some top-siders. We
text: hear the door open and then shut. John looks up. We see
text: Kathleen Cleary. She's topless. John gasps.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: I just got my tits done.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (jaw agape)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: . KATHLEEN
dialog: Do you like them?
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: Uh, yes. ThosSe...are great...tits.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: William doesn't appreciate my tits.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, darn him. Mrs. Cleary, I
dialog: don't think--
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Call me Kat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay, Kat, I don't think that--
dialog: 6i.
speaker_heading: - KATHLEEN
dialog: Call me Kitty-Kat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh, look...Kitty-Kat...I really
dialog: don't think this is appropriate--
text: She walks toward John and stands right over him.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Feel them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: I said feel them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mrs. Cleary--
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Kitty-Kat.
speaker_heading: SOHN ©
dialog: Kitty~Kat, are you out of your
dialog: fucking mind?
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: I'm not letting you out of this
dialog: room until yeu feel them.
text: John sighs. He reluctantly reaches up and feels her breasts.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They're very nice. Okay?
text: She moans deeply. She grabs her blouse and buttons it up.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: We will be lovers before this
dialog: weekend is up.
text: She blows him a kiss and exits. John shakes his head; what
dialog: the hell just happened?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - A MINUTE LATER
text: Jonn is walking down the hallway. He passes Todd's room.
text: Todd's painting. He sees John.
speaker_heading: TODD (0.S.}
dialog: Mom make you feel her tits?
text: John steps and backs up.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?! No!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: It's okay. I can tell. You have
dialog: that "Mom made me feel her tits”
dialog: look on your face. Don't worry
dialog: about it. She usually picks one
dialog: male guest a weekend to sexually
text: harass.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: Oh Jesus...
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Don't say anything to Dad, though.
dialog: Some friend of my sister said
dialog: something to Dad a couple of years
dialog: ago and he now lives in Paraguay.
dialog: And not by choice.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Good to know.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: No problem...
text: John hurriedly continues down the hall. He runs into Jeremy,
text: shuffling down the hall looking completely spent.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing. I'm just trying to get
text: outside to meet Claire.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You've got a weird look on your
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {through gritted
dialog: teeth)
dialog: Ciaire's Mom made me grope her
dialog: boobies, okay?!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hmm. She get them done? They look
dialog: pretty good.
text: John stares at him a beat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's wrong with you?
dialog: 63.
text: John continues on down the hall.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What? I just asked--
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (calling out to him)
dialog: You go enjoy yourself! I'm just
dialog: gonna go spit up some blood and
dialog: ice down my balls.
text: Jeremy enters his room.
scene_heading: INT, JEREMY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy enters his guest room. Immediately he sees Grandma
text: Mary sleeping in his bed. He thinks he's walked into the
text: wrong room, but notices his cumberbund and jacket hanging
text: over the chair. He goes over to the bed and gently nudges
text: Grandma. She looks at him and screams. Jeremy screams.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're in my room.
scene_heading: . GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Oh dear. I am. Too much sherry.
dialog: Can you carry me to my room?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: I think I'm too drunk to walk.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Uh, okay, sure.
scene_heading: ‘EXT. CLEARY FAMILY COMPOUND - SIMULTANEOUS
text: John steps outside’ to meet Claire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: What took you so long?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sorry. I got
dialog: (searching for word)
text: held up.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ” CLAIRE
dialog: Strange family, huh?
speaker_heading: JOKN
dialog: Yeah... a little.
dialog: (peat)
dialog: So where should we go?
text: Sec. Cleary pokes his head out the door.
scene_heading: “SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Claire, Sack was asking for you.
text: Claire looks at John.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to Sec. Cleary)
dialog: Could you tell him I'm busy?
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
text: He's in pretty bad shape.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Agrudgingly)
dialog: All right...I'm coming.
text: Cleary nods and goes back into the house.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (continuing) .
dialog: Sorry, John. Maybe we can find
dialog: time tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, sure, tomorrow then.
text: Claire starts to head back into the house.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, help him get better soon..I
dialog: Saw some otters earlier and they
dialog: were... frowning.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Be nice.
text: Claire exits into the house. Cleary pokes his head back out.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: John, my boy. Brandies? Den?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. Great. I'll be right in.
dialog: 65.
text: John looks-up at the sky, frustrated by his missed "walk with
dialog: Claire" opportunity.
speaker_heading: _ JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Puck, fuck, fuck!
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Jeremy's carrying Grandma down the hall.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: You're very strong.
text: She giggles, than falls asleep. We see Randolph poke his head
text: out of his room, and obviously misinterpret what's going on.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {to Randolph)
dialog: Oh, uh, okay....I know this looks
dialog: kind of strange-~
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: You're bangin’ the daughter and.
dialog: the grandma?! How much jam you
dialog: got, mon?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No no! It's not like that!
speaker_heading: . RANDOLPH
dialog: Listen, mon. The family dog lives
dialog: downstairs. I can wake him up for
dialog: you, too, if you like.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Look, you've got it totally wrong!
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Just be gentle wit her, mon. Okay?
dialog: .She be pushing ninety.
text: Randolph returns to his room. Jeremy stands there dumbfounded.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: INT. RANDOLPH'S ROOM - CONTINOUS
text: Randolph shakes his head, lights a bong and takes a monster
dialog: hit.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (to himself, while
dialog: exhaling)
dialog: Good God. It's a mutter-fucking
dialog: freak show here...
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: -Jeremy-is' laying in bed-tossing and turning. He's sore.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: John is laying in bed, eyes open, wide awake.
scene_heading: INT. SACK'S ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sack is laying on the bathroom floor. He pops up to retch
text: into the toilet.
scene_heading: INT. CLATRE'S ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Claire is laying in bed, and like John, she's wide awake.
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: Jeremy. He's asleep, We see two legs straddle him.
text: He awakens with a jolt.
speaker_heading: JEREMY .
dialog: Hey! .
text: Pull back te reveal Gloria. She starts tying his right arm to
text: the bed post.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Listen, I know what you were
dialog: saying before and I started
dialog: thinking that maybe I'm net being
dialog: exciting and adventurous for you.
text: She ties his other arm to the bed post.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Gloria-~
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Sssh. You'll wake everybody.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm going to make all your
dialog: fantasies come true.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: But--
text: She takes a sock and stuffs it in his mouth.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; muffled)
dialog: This is not my fantasy!
text: She puts duct tape over his sock~-filled mouth.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I love you...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SIMULTANEOUS
text: John is walking down the hallway. He comes to Claire's door
text: and listens to see if she's awake.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Claire is laying in bed, eyes open, wide awake.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: John doesn't hear anything. He sighs and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY ~ AN HOUR LATER
text: Claire walks down the hallway to John's bedroom door and
text: listens for him. She sighs and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S BEDROOM ~ SIMULTANEOUS
text: John is sitting by the window staring out.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA MARY'S BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Grandma is tossing and turning. She's muttering to herself.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: What was his name? Mitch Jewstein?
dialog: No...that's not it. Samuel
dialog: Kikeberg? No...that's not it...
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: CLOSE ON: Jeremy. He's sleeping again, We see a hand come in
text: from out of frame and gently stroke his forehead. Jeremy
text: slowly awakens.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (half-asleep)
dialog: Gloria...you have to go back to
dialog: your room.
speaker_heading: TODD {(0.S.)
dialog: It's not Gloria.
dialog: 68.
text: Jeremy gasps. We pull back to reveal Todd, naked, on his
text: hw stomach stroking Jeremy's forehead.
speaker_heading: TEREMY -
dialog: Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We had a moment at the dinner
dialog: table, didn't we?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What are you talking about?! There
dialog: was no moment.
dialog: topb
dialog: Oh yeah, wé had moment.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I was sitting right there. I think
dialog: I would have noticed a moment--
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I made you a painting.
text: Todd picks up a flashlight and shines it on a painting
text: resting on Jeremy's dresser. We seé a surreal red mess
text: \ blotched onto the the canvas,
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: I cali it "Tortured Scrotum." It's
dialog: sexual and violent. Sort of a self-
dialog: portrait. I thotight you'd like it.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh wow...that's, uh, something.
dialog: Thank you.,..so...much.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh you're more than welcome,
text: Todd kisses Jeremy on the forehead.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Say listen, Todd, I havén't gotten
dialog: much gosh-darned sleep tonight and
dialog: hey, why don't we talk tomorrow?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Promise you'li make time for me?
speaker_heading: : JEREMY
dialog: Oh...cross my heart.
dialog: mye
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: _ TODD
dialog: Okay...you sleep.
text: Tode. gets up, kisses his finger and puts it on Jeremy's lips.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay. Good enough.
text: Todd smiles and exits. Jeremy, shaken, looks upward.
speaker_heading: JEREMY -
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Lord! How much more of this can I
dialog: take?!
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY KITCHEN - THE NEXT MORNING
text: John is at the breakfast table, eating some bacon, reading
text: the newspaper, drinking coffee in a gargantuan kitchen.
text: Jeremy stumbles, exhausted, into the kitchen. A COOK is
text: making all kinds of breakfast things. He pours Jeremy some
text: coffee and exits.
speaker_heading: JOHN -
dialog: You know they'll make you anything
dialog: you want here? Waffles, bacon,
dialog: whatever...+
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh that's swell, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's your problem?
speaker_heading: ' JEREMY
dialog: What's my problem? Oh, I didn't
dialog: sleep too well.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, besides the boné-crushing
dialog: pain and the midnight rape, there
text: was a nude gay art show at 4 a.m.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {ignoring Jeremy,
dialog: reading paper)
dialog: Phew. Red Sox are taking it in the
dialog: shorts.
text: Jeremy pulls the newspaper down.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 7 JEREMY
dialog: . I'm taking it in the shorts!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have some toast.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'm too traumatized for toast!
text: Nonetheless, he grabs a piece off John's plate.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Look, I'm going to say this as
dialog: nicely as possible: if we don't
dialog: get the fuck out of here right now
dialog: I'm going to kill you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Can't do it.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Why not?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need another day.
speaker_heading: : JEREMY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: For what?! She's got a boyfriend,
dialog: Plus, her own mental hospital here
dialog: to entertain him! :
speaker_heading: JOHN .
dialog: Sssh! Keep it down! I think
dialog: Claire's into me. Plus, the
dialog: boyfriend's a complete tool.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay, we think the boyfriend's a
dialog: -tool. Maybe the whole world thinks
dialog: the boyfriends a tool. But if
dialog: she's doesn't think the
dialog: boyfriend's a tool then the game's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The game's never over.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: John, the rules are really clear
dialog: about boyfriends and--
speaker_heading: 7 JOHN
dialog: Will you stop it with the rules,
dialog: already?! Fuck the rules!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: "Puck the rules?" How can you say
dialog: that?! You're a very insensitive
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This isn't about the rules, okay?!
dialog: This is about love!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Love?!
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Well...okay. The rules do in fact
dialog: make provisions for what we delude
dialog: ourselves into thinking is love.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: On Jesus....
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Come on! How can it be love?
dialog: You've known her for a day.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know, Jeremy. I can't
dialog: explain it. Chemical? Fate? I
dialog: don't know. I just know!
text: Jeremy stares at him for a beat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fine. I understand. I'm outta
dialog: here. Good luck.
text: Jeremy starts to stand. John pulls him back down.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, no, no. You can't leave!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Why not?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because that'll create a huge
dialog: shitstorm with Gloria! It'll focus
dialog: the attention there!
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: I don't give a baker's fuck! I had
text: “my own sweat sock duct-taped into’
dialog: my mouth last night!
dialog: (off John's look)
dialog: Long story.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need you to help me. I mean what
dialog: do the rules say about abandonment?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: "Never leave a fellow crasher
text: stranded. Wedding crashers take
dialog: care of their own.”
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I hate you...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have some more toast.
speaker_heading: RO JEREMY
dialog: ~ (sighs)
dialog: I want a waffle.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Good! That's good.
dialog: {calling out to the
dialog: cook)
dialog: Can we get this man a watfle?
text: John smiles and slaps Jeremy on the shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. SACK'S. ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Sack, looking haggard, reaches for the phone. He dials and it
text: rings. We cut between he and his friend TRAP MITCHELL.
scene_heading: EXT, MITCHELL HOUSE/INT. SACK'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Trap Mitchell, sipping a gin and tonic in a palatial Cape Cod
text: backyard, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Trapster, it's Sack.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ~ TRAP
dialog: Sack-Master! What's the word? How
dialog: was the wedding?
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: It was great. Fine. Whatever.
dialog: Listen, I need background on two
dialog: guys the Secretary invited out
dialog: here for the weekend. John and
dialog: Jeremy Ryan,
text: Trap writes the names down.
speaker_heading: “TRAP
dialog: Okay, John and Jeremy Ryan.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: They're brothers. A couple of
dialog: venture capital weasels from New
dialog: Hampshire, Got some kind of NPO
dialog: called Holy Shirts and Pants.
speaker_heading: TRAP |
dialog: Oh...venture capitalists, they're
dialog: the worst.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Tell my girlfriend's father. He
text: Practically shot his cabinet level
dialog: wad over these two.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: Tt's all about the money with guys
dialog: like that. Sick, sick, sick.
speaker_heading: SACK
text: Preaching to the choir, brother.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: Hey, listen when you get a chance
dialog: you need to come into the firm so
dialog: we can restructure your trust fund.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Oh right, right. Will do.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: And I'll look into these
dialog: guys...see what their story is.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Excellent, bro. Hey listen, let's
dialog: get the guys together later on
dialog: this month. Do some sailing,
dialog: drinking, etcetera, etcetera...
dialog: 74.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: = TRAP
dialog: Sounds good. I'll call Skunk and
dialog: Twine.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Cool. I'm seeing Billygoat on
dialog: Tuesday so I'll tell him.
speaker_heading: . TRAP
dialog: You da' man.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: You da' bigger man.
text: They laugh. They've done this before. It's nauseating.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY FAMILY DOCK - THE NEXT MORNING
text: John and Jeremy walk to the Cleary family sailboat. On the
text: side of the boat is painted "The Kathleen." Secretary and
text: Mrs. Cleary, Gloria, Claire, and a few other guests are on
text: the boat already. Sec. Cleary is at the helm, preparing to
dialog: sail.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Where's Sack?
speaker_heading: ~ CLAIRE
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Poor guy's probably still not
dialog: feeling well. That flu usually
dialog: lasts about two days.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Well, then, "The Kathleen” takes
text: off without him.
text: Sack comes running from the house.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Wait! I'm coming.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh good. Here he comes.
dialog: (sotto, angry, to
dialog: - Jeremy)
dialog: How old was that visine?!
text: Sack gets to the dock. We see that he's had a really rough
text: night. As he gets on the boat, he shoots John a dirty look.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY- FAMILY SAILBOAT - LATE
text: They're out in the ocean. Secretary Cieary is at the helm,
text: steering the boat. Sack sits next to Claire, his arm tightly
text: around her. John and Jeremy sit on the bow of the boat.
text: Gloria's arm is tightly around Jeremy.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Are you all right, honey? Maybe
dialog: you should go down ‘in the cabin
dialog: and lie down.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: No, I'll be fine. So, John,
dialog: where'd you say you guys were from
dialog: up there in New Hampshire?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I didn't. But we're from
dialog: Manchester.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Great town.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Big city with a small town heart.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: A college buddy of mine moved up
dialog: to Manchester. He loves the place,
dialog: Maybe you know him. Skunk Baker?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sorry. Big city. Small town heart,
dialog: But still a big city.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Anyone want a beer?
dialog: Sack nods "no."
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sure, I'll take one.
text: Claire gets up and goes into the cabin of the boat.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: You sure you don’t know Skunk?
dialog: He's the big guy with Chase up
dialog: there. Surely in your line, you've
dialog: come across each other.
text: Sack really doesn't look well. With each rock of the boat, he
text: gets a little more queasy. John notices this and gets an idea.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: Hey, you know my buddy Dave's with
dialog: “Chase. I bet he knows him.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Too bad Dave's not here. You'd
dialog: love him. Of course, you'd never
dialog: . catch Dave on a boat again. We
dialog: went out on a boat one time and
dialog: you should have seen how sea-sick
dialog: he got. I'm telling you, it was a
dialog: mess. We'd ail eaten a bunch of
dialog: Lobster Rolis and Dave likes his
dialog: just slathered in mayonnaise. I
dialog: mean he ate, like, three of them.
text: Sack is starting to turn green.
speaker_heading: JOEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And a bunch of corn chips. Great
text: guy but he eats like a sea otter.
text: Sack is trying not to lose his lunch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We're not out to sea five minutes
dialog: before this guy blows like
dialog: Krakatowa. I mean, it's
text: everywhere. It was like reliving
dialog: the whole lunch.
text: Sack bolts to the cabin. As he does, he crosses Claire who's
text: coming back on deck with two beers.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing; to
dialog: Claire)
dialog: Poor guy. He should've stayed home.
text: Claire hands John a beer. He takes a sip and stares pensively
text: off to sea. He's trying to get her to ask him what he's
text: thinking about. He takes e dramatic sip of heer.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Being out in the ocean. It makes
dialog: you realize how insignificant you
dialog: really are, huh?
speaker_heading: _ JOHN
dialog: Yeah. I guess we are.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Ne, no. I mean you.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: - JOHN
dialog: Very funny.
text: She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Actually, that's why I hate the
dialog: ocean.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (leéKing around to
dialog: maké ‘sure no ons's
dialog: listening)
dialog: Me too! I Hate anything that comes
dialog: on like it's bigger than me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Exactly. The ocean has an attitude
dialog: and I don't. like it.
dialog: . (mimicking)
dialog: "I'm the oceah. I'm so vast and
dialog: eternal and you're so small and...
dialog: not eternal."
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Which is a very nasty attitude.
dialog: {beaty
dialog: You know what else has a nasty
dialog: attitude? The stars.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I know. They're rude! And the
dialog: mountains...
speaker_heading: JOHN *
dialog: Oh, don't get me started on the
dialog: mountains.
text: They share a laugh then look at each other for a beat.
text: There's the flicker of a moment.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN BELOW DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: Sack hears John and Claire laugh and pukes into a bucket.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY SAILBOAT -— CONTINUOUS
text: John and Claire continué their conversation.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You know what I like? Tide pools.
text: No attitude from a tide pool.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ” CLAIRE .
dialog: There are some amazing tide pools
text: -over on the other -side of the
dialog: island. We could bike over there
dialog: this afternoon, if you like.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'd like that. It's a date.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (holding empty glass}
dialog: John, my daiguiri's swimming in
dialog: the shallow end. Take the helm.
speaker_heading: _ _ JOHN
dialog: {lying)
dialog: Sure. No problem,
speaker_heading: SEC, CLEARY
dialog: Just start tacking back.
text: Sohn, having no clue, gives Jeremy a panicked look. Jeremy
dialog: shrugs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course. Tack back. I was gonna
dialog: tack back. Excéllent choice, the
text: tacking back.
text: Sec. Cleary lets go of the helm and starts for the cabin.
text: John grabs the wheel. Kathleen comes up behind Jonn and grabs
dialog: his...mast.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tacking!
text: John turns the wheel too quickly and the boat reacts
text: suddenly, sending the main sail flying around and smacking
text: into Jeremy. Jeremy flies into the ocean,
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jeremy!
text: Gloria jumps into the water. In trying to rescue Jeremy,
text: Gloria is so overwrought and panicked that she keeps dunking
text: him back into the water. He's gasping for breath.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARY FAMILY DOCK - A LITTLE LATER
text: The boat has docked. Everyone is disembarking. Gloria is
text: holding Jeremy who's wrapped in a blanket. John pulls Claire
dialog: aside.
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you say we hit those tide
dialog: pools?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Sounds great.
text: Randolph approaches the group. He's carrying several rifles,
text: which he begins handing out to all the men, including John
dialog: and Jeremy. ,
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Sverything's ready for the quail
text: hunt. There's a jeep waiting to
dialog: take you to the marsh.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Wonderful, Randolph.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh, maybe, I'll sit this one out.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: - Yeah, I think we'll sit this one
dialog: out.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Nonsense. I insist. It's a Cleary
dialog: family tradition.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to John}
dialog: I'm afraid you're stuck. We'll
dialog: check out the tide pools later.
text: Sack takes note of this and scowls.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Sack, if you're too sick..
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: (determined and a
dialog: little crazed)
dialog: Oh, no. Ha ha. I'm going. Oh, I'm
dialog: going!
text: Sack grabs a rifle. He's starting to look a little scary.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (to Sack)
dialog: you hunt?!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: o SACK
dialog: I hunt quail. They're
text: overpopulated on the island.
dialog: They're decimating the grub worm
dialog: population. Got a problem with
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (a little frightened)
dialog: Hey, it's all good.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH - A LITTLE LATER
text: A group of about ten men, including Sack, Sec. Cleary, John
text: and Jeremy walk through the marsh looking for quail. Jeremy
text: stops and pulls John aside,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Have you ever shot one of these
dialog: things before?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh you bet. The whole fifteen
dialog: years we've known each other?
dialog: Well, I've been sneaking out to
text: shoot at small birds.
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: Of course I've never shot one of
dialog: these things!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What are we gonna do? I don't want
dialog: to kill a quail. It's bad karma.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You'll lie to young women to get
dialog: them in bed but you won't shoot a
dialog: little bird?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, me too. But look, just aim
dialog: to miss. ,
text: ‘Secretary Cleary stops and points.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
text: There. Off to the left.
text: Everyone aims.and shoots. John and Jeremy fumble to get their
text: rifle in shooting position. When it discharges, they're sent
text: flying five feet on their asses.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH .- A LITTLE LATER |
text: The men are still walking through. Ehrongh the marsh. Jeremy
text: is rubbing his shoulder,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I thought the rifle just fired
text: buckshot.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. That's Tead. pellets,
dialog: dumbfuck. It's not a sling-shot.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Sack stops and points.
speaker_heading: SACK
text: There. Over by the spruce tree.
text: As everyone turns, we see Sack set nis sights on John.
text: Through Sack's scope, we can see John's ass. The men fire.
text: Jeremy discharges. his rifle. He's sent reeling again. This
text: time into John. Sack shoots his rifle. But instead of hitting
text: John, he hits Jeremy. Jeremy hits the ground grabbing his ass.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: My ass!
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY BATHROOM - LATER
text: CLOSE ON: Jeremy’s ass. Someone is pulling out buckshot with
text: tweezers. Pull back to reveal it's Gloria. John and Claire
text: poke their heads into the bathroon.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You okay, buddy?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Just fucking great!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: {to Claire)
dialog: He's never been a silent sufferer.
dialog: (to Jeremy)
dialog: We're gonna take the bikes out for
dialog: @ ride. We'll catch you later.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yeah sure. You kids go and have a
dialog: good time.
dialog: {worked up)
dialog: I'll just be here getting lead
dialog: pellets pulled out of my heinie!
dialog: 82.
text: John and Claire exit. CLOSE ON: Jeremy. Gloria starts gropin
text: Jeremy, then looks disappointed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: Awww. Mr. Pogo isn't jumping up...
speaker_heading: | JEREMY
dialog: Well, sorry, Mr. Pogo gets
dialog: stressed when Mr. Jéremy’s
dialog: bleeding to death, okay?
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA'S VINEYARD - LATER
text: John and Claire are riding bikes on a path near the shore.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY LIVING ROOM ~ SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sack pops into the living room. Randolph is sitting on the
text: couch watching TV.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Hey Randolph?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH .
dialog: Sssh. I'm watching my stories, mon.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: I just need to know where Claire
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Uh...she and that fellow went for
text: a bike ride to the tidepools.
text: Sack’s jaw clenches. *
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA'S VINEYARD/TIDE POOL ~ LATER
text: John and Claire stop their bikes at the edge of a tide pool.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA'S VINEYARD ~ SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sack pedals furiously on an old bike with a little basket on
text: the front. He looks a lot like the méan lady in the beginning
dialog: of the Wizard of Oz.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA'S VINEYARD/TIDE POOL - LATER
text: John and Claire explexing the tide pool.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA'S VINEYARD - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sack is still pedaling like a lunatic, A man walks his dog
text: down the road. Sack rings the old-fashioned bike bell
text: aggressively and nearly runs over the man and his dog.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: EXT. MARTHA’S VINEYARD/TIDE POOL - LATER
text: John picks up a4 big starfish and tries to put in on Claire's
text: head. She splashes him. They're laughing.
text: Sack pulls up on his bike and watches John and Claire from
text: the hill above the tide pool.
text: John splashes her back. Scon they are in the midst of a
text: splashing frenzy, getting closer.to each other with: each
text: splash. They end up in each other's arms. Claire looks up at
text: John who's looking back at her intently.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, it would be a total cliche if
dialog: I kissed you right now, right?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yes. A total cliche.
text: She pulls him in and kisses him.
text: ANGLE ON: Sack watching them.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: (to himself, utterly
dialog: disgusted)
dialog: Fuck, .
text: Sack pedals away quickly.
text: ANGLE ON: John and Claire. Claire breaks the kiss.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I can't do this.
text: Claire runs off and gets on her bike.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY DINING ROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Everyone is seated-at the table mid-meal. John tries to make
text: eye contact with Claire but she turns away. Jeremy is
text: shifting uncomfortably in significant ass pain. Grandma Mary
text: is sound asleep, clutching a glass of sherry, snoring loudly.
text: Sack taps his glass for attention. Everyone stops talking and
dialog: listens. :
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Claire and I have an announcement
dialog: to make. We were going to wait to
dialog: tell all of you, but the spirit of
dialog: this weekend is such that we can't
dialog: think of a better time to share
dialog: our good news.
dialog: (moxe) ,
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: - SACK (cont*d)}
dialog: re (locking right at
dialog: : John)
dialog: Claire and I are going to be
dialog: married.
text: Everyone oohs, ahhhs and applauds except John, who is
text: stunned. Claire looks at Sack, perplexed. :
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Wonderful!
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: (slurred)
dialog: Wonderful!
text: Grandma Mary pops awake.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA CLEARY
dialog: (drunk, out of it)
dialog: Is the war over?
text: She slumps back down. Everyone ignores her.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE .
dialog: (through gritted
dialog: e teeth to Sack)
dialog: y- Sack...we need- to talk about this.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Well, I am thrilled! Isn't this
dialog: wonderful, Randolph?
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (droll, insincere}
dialog: Oh, it's a marriage blessed by the
dialog: angels, made in heaven, mon.
dialog: {beat}
dialog: Okay, who wants sherbet?
text: Gloria stands up. She's beaming.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jeremy and I have an announcement
dialog: to make, too, I'm going to be Mrs.
dialog: Ryan!
text: Cohs, ahhhs, applause.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: fo KATHLEEN
dialog: (slurred)
dialog: Wonderful!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: B5.
text: Jeremy puts- his head in his hands. Grandma Mary pops back up.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Roosevelt's a pussy!
text: Claire gets up and exits outside.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY DINING ROOM - A MINUTE LATER
text: Some of the guests are hovering around Gloria, the rest
text: around Sack. John is sullen. Jeremy puils him aside.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {to John)
dialog: Oh well, game over. Thanks for
dialog: playing. Maybe they'll have
dialog: parting gifts. I'll get my shit,
dialog: we'll get out of here.
text: John thinks for a beat, then takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You know what? I'm just gonna find
dialog: her and tell her the truth. - .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: The truth?! Okay. That might be a
dialog: good call. You're the Frince of
dialog: Arabia, you've rejected the
dialog: - throne--
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jeremy! The actual truth.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh. Wow. Okay.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Fine. Do whatever you want. Just
dialog: do it quick, all right?
text: dohn bolts outside. Jeremy looks out the window. From his
text: POV, we see John rushing after Claire. Jeremy shakes his head
text: and exits inte the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy hobbles in, grabs a hand towel, walks.to the freezer
text: and fills the towel with ice which he places gently on his
text: wounded ass. The COOK, stifles a laugh and exits.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: i's not funny!
dialog: 86.
text: ‘ Jeremy sits-down on the ice pack and puts his head on the
text: » table. Gloria walks in.
speaker_heading: So GLORIA
dialog: There you are!
speaker_heading: i JEREMY
dialog: Oh, hey, Gloria...
dialog: al
text: She opens a magazine in front of his face.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SLOBIA
dialog: Tt's a china pattern, silly. It's
dialog: called Midnight Marakkesh.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh that's really nice...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Excellent! It's sexy and you can
dialog: eat off it. Just like me.
text: 4 She winks and exits. Jeremy moans. Father O'Neil walks in and
text: bo sees Jeremy, head in hands, ass in ice.
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: Well, hello there.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh, hello Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER 0' NETL :
dialog: Are you okay? You look troubled.
text: He sits down next to Jeremy and pours himself a brandy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: An, you know...
speaker_heading: FATHER 0' NEIL
dialog: Marriage is a big step. You sure
dialog: you're ready?
speaker_heading: JEREMY :
dialog: Oh, gosh, uh, sure...I'm ready,
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: C'mon, Son. What’s on your mind?
text: Jeremy looks out the kitchen windew and sighs deeply. He's at
text: the. end of his rope.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: I'd like to make a confession.
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NETL
dialog: All yvight, Son. I can hear your
dialog: confession.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's all confidential, right?
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: Huh? . .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I mean, you know...
speaker_heading: FATHER ©' NEIL
dialog: You haven't been to church in a
dialog: long time have you? Of course.
dialog: It's all confidential.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, see, thac’s just it. I'm not
dialog: a Catholic. -
speaker_heading: FATHER Of NEIL
dialog: Pardon me? °
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'ma Jew.
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY LIVINGROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sack is sitting on the couch, a few people around him. His
text: cell phone rings. Trap is on the other end and we cut back
dialog: and forth between them.
speaker_heading: . TRAP
dialog: Sackster.
speaker_heading: . SACK
dialog: Trapster.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: Listen, about those guys...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - A MINUTE LATER
text: John is following Claire down the beach. She's walking at a
text: brisk pace.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: C'mon Claire, wait up.
text: She continues walking.
dialog: She stops
dialog: 8B.
speaker_heading: ” JOHN
dialog: - (continuing)
dialog: So...you're marrying this guy, huh?
text: and turns around,
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Is that what you want to know?
dialog: Well, you heard it back at the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Laok, you can't marry him.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Um,..because i'm falling in love
dialog: with you. .
scene_heading: INT. CLEARY FAMILY KITCHEN - SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: Jeremy's really comfortable with the Priest. He's kicking
text: back, confessing.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (mid sentence)
dialog: +.-andg my bar mitzvah had a Return
dialog: of the Jedi theme which in
dialog: retrospect I regret...but anyway,
dialog: the point is we're not venture
dialog: capitalists. We're lawyers. And we
dialog: de this, I mean we crash weddings
dialog: in order to, uh...
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: Meet girls?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yes, yes. Well, actually more than
dialog: meet them. We, you know, hope ta
dialog: have sex with them. And, hey, if
dialog: the band's good and the spread's
dialog: decent, that's just bonus points.
speaker_heading: FATHER 0’ NEIL
dialog: And did you "meet" anybody from
dialog: the Cleary wedding?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Actually, I slept with Gloria.
dialog: Well, I didn't actually sleep with
dialog: her.
dialog: (more)
dialog: eo,
speaker_heading: JEREMY (cont'd)
dialog: We did it once at the beach at the
dialog: wedding and then she...
dialog: (makes the jerk-off
dialog: motion with his hand)
text: ..,at the dinner table. There was
dialog: one more time. But I was not a
dialog: willing participant, okay?
dialog: “(off Priest's look)
dialog: Long story.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: And your friend? With Claire?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No, no. Get this! He thinks he's
dialog: in love with her! Isn't that
dialog: hilarious? See? That's why we've
dialog: been here so long! Normally we're
dialog: in and out in a couple hours and--
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: Okay, okay. I get it.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Did I mention Tedd has a crush on
speaker_heading: PATHER O' NEIL
dialog: No, sadiy you left that out.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh well, he does. He pretty much
dialog: made that obvious after he gave me
text: a self-portrait of his testicles.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Phew! This felt great. Thank you!
dialog: I think you guys might really have
dialog: something with this confession
dialog: business.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CONTINUOUS
text: John is facing Claire who's looking out toward the ocean.
speaker_heading: CLATRE
dialog: Why are you doing this to me, John?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But, you...maybe feel the same way?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ~ CLAIRE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Maybe.
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: Look I don't know anything about
dialog: you. You do investments in New
dialog: Hampshire and--
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, see, that's the other thing.
text: We hear a loud gunshot come from the direction of the house.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Oh my god!
speaker_heading: JEREMY (0.S.)
dialog: Dude! Run!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell?!
text: They look back and see Jeremy being chased by Secretary
text: Cleary, Kathleen, Todd, Sack, and Grandma who's holding a
text: large shotgun firing wiily-nilly at Jeremy.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: He's a Jew!
text: She’ fires off a round and misses. Jeremy screams.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY’
dialog: You bastards! I'm going to get you!
text: Jeremy catches up with John.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Get the fuck outta here! Run!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's going on?!
text: Jeremy continues to run.
speaker_heading: JEREMY .
dialog: {shouting back at
dialog: John)
dialog: I spilled! I'm sorry. The Priest
dialog: told me it was confidential!
speaker_heading: FATHER O' NEIL
dialog: I'm sorry. God doesn't pay the
dialog: bills.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: - CLAIRE
dialog: He spilled what?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh fuck! Look, Claire, I need to
dialog: tell you something quickly.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: They're lawyers, Claire. Those
dialog: weren't even their real names!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA MARY
dialog: Get back here, Jew!
text: Grandma fires off another round which barely misses John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Claire)
dialog: I'll explain later.
text: John runs down beach toward Jeremy.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: John feit my tits!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Goddamit! Get ‘em, Mommy!
text: Grandma fires another round.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: They crash weddings in order to
dialog: get laid!
text: Claire is mortified. John turns around and looks defeatedly
dialog: at Claire.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Claire, you don't understand!
speaker_heading: CLALRE
dialog: (very upset)
dialog: No, no, no. You son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Jeremy was going to be my lover!
dialog: {yells to Jeremy)
dialog: You're not keeping my scrotum
dialog: painting!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I forgive you, Jeremy! Come back!
dialog: 92.
text: Grandma fires off another round as John and Jeremy tear down
text: the beach, over some rocks and out of sight. We see the
text: Cleary-famiiy stowly- give up the --chase.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - A LITTLE LATER
text: John and Jeremy get on the ferry as it's taking off. In
text: frustration, John kicks a bench, then sits down, forlorn.
scene_heading: EXT. /INT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS OVER THE NEXT FEW WEEKS
dialog: Montage: : .
text: John walks dejectedly through the streets of Boston.
text: Claire walks in a similar manner along the beach on Martha's
dialog: Vineyard. :
text: John mails a letter addressed to Claire.
text: John gets his mail. His letter has been returned unopened.
text: Sack shows Claire some honeymoon brochures. She smiles at him
text: than stares pensively out the window,
text: Gloria mails a letter addressed to Jeremy.
text: Gloria gets her mail. Her letter has been returned unopened.
text: John, in a single man crew boat, is rowing frantically down
text: the Charles River trying to catch up to Claire who's in her
text: own boat. She doesn't see him, The wake from a large crew
text: boat pitches John's boat over, sending him flying into the
dialog: Charles. -
text: Sack and Claire are on the beach. Sack tickles a sea otter
text: underneath its. chin. She puts her arm on Sack and smiles. The
text: sea otter bites Sack's leg.
scene_heading: INT. LAW PIRM OF BECKWITH AND KLEIN - THREE WEEKS LATER
text: John, a pounce in his step enters Jeremy's office. He's
text: hoiding the paper.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jeremy, I know how I can get to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Give it up. She's returned all
dialog: your letters, she won't take your
text: calls. She doesn't want to see
dialog: you, all right.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: tn JOHN
text: She doesn't think she wants to see
dialog: me. But.trust mé,. she.wants te see
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: O-kay...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They're having an engagement party
dialog: for her tonight at the Beach Club.
dialog: We're gonna be there,
speaker_heading: JBREMY
dialog: We're? No.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need you to be my wing man.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Look, John, her father is the
dialog: Secretary of the Treasury. There's
dialog: gonna be Secret Service. They'li
dialog: probably have posters with our
dialog: pictures on them. There's no way
dialog: we can get in there.
speaker_heading: JOREN
dialog: Oh yes we can.
text: Jeremy gives him a skeptical look.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/ALLEYWAY - THE NEXT DAY
text: John and Jeremy stand at the rear of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: How'd you find out about this?
text: John smiles and gives a coded knock on the door. RANDOLPH
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: Finally! Okay, mon, I got your
dialog: uniforms.
text: Jeremy stares at Randolph in disbelief.
speaker_heading: RANDOLPH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you staring at, mon?
dialog: Sack's a tool.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/KITCHEN - THAT NIGHT
text: John and Jeremy are dressed as waiters. John is making
text: coffee. The kitchen has two doors. One leads to the dining
text: room. The other leads to the banquet room where the Cleary's
text: are having the engagement party. MICHAEL, the dining room
text: captain walks in. Michael is clearly gay and a bit drunk with
dialog: power,
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (to Jeremy)
dialog: Table five needs their soup. Muy
dialog: pronto!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: So? They're not my table. I
dialog: haven't éven started yet.
text: Michael is shocked at Jeremy's insolence. He struggles to
text: regain his composure.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Okay. Who am I?
text: Jeremy shoots John a look.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're the captain.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's right. Which makes me...?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (exasperated sigh)
dialog: Always right.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's right sweet-cheeks. Now get
dialog: table five their soups. Comprende?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes, what?!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Yes, Captain.
text: Jeremy ladles two bowls of soup, puts them on a tray, and
text: exits into the dining room.
speaker_heading: - MICHAEL
dialog: {to John)
dialog: w
dialog: ul
dialog: And you? Are we working .working or
dialog: are we, oh, just soaking in the
dialog: atmosphere?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes, Captain. I'm making coffee.
dialog: That's my assignment.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Like your attitude.
dialog: (beat, winks)
dialog: Let's talk later.
text: Michael exits into the banquet room.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy is talking to table five, an ELDERLY COUPLE.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fine. I'll get you the chowder
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: The Boston chowder!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: The white one...
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I said I know...
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: Not the red one!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I get it.
text: Jeremy picks up their soups and
text: He exits back into the kitchen,
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/KITCHEN
text: puts them back on his tray.
speaker_heading: - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy enters and puts the soups down and ladles two bowls of
text: chowder. He gives John the finger and exits with the chowder
text: into the dining room. John opens the door that leads to the
text: banquet room a little to sneak a peek. He sees several Secret
dialog: Service guys.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DINING ROOM - A MINUTE LATER
text: Jeremy is with table five. Their chowder is on the table.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: You put ice in my water!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's ice water. That's part of the
dialog: deal. 2,
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: I don't want ice.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: I don't know why you put ice in my
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Because I'm not psychic?
text: The old woman scowls at him.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Okay, you don't want ice?
text: He picks up her glass and takes cut the ice with his hands.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: {continuing)
dialog: There. No ice!
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: I'm talking to the manager!
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy enters to find John peering through the door.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hurry up. Talk to her. I can take
dialog: about five more minutes of this
dialog: shit. .
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I've got to wait until she's alone,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's an engagement party! Why
dialog: would she be alone?!
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: ” . JOHN
dialog: ‘“She’s got to go to the bathroom
dialog: “sometime.
text: Michael enters.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Lester, may I have a word with you?
text: John nudges Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (sotte)
dialog: That's you.
text: Jeremy, remembering he's going by "Lester," walks over to
dialog: Michael.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/BANQUET ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: JOHN'S POV: Claire and Sack are talking to some guests.
text: Claire looks beautiful, of course.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DINING ROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Jeremy is with table five. His head is sunk. He's mid
text: apology. Michael is standing right behind him, arms folded.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: «.,and again, I am deeply sorry
dialog: for my offensive words and
dialog: terrible attitude.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/KITCHEN. - A MINUTE LATER
text: John peeks out the door. Suddenly he sees Claire walk toward
text: the restroom. He starts to go out after her, but Michael
text: enters and blocks his way. Claire enters the restroom.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: ‘Sergio, what are we supposed to do
dialog: with cranberry torte?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (still eyeing Claire)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I said what are we supposed to do
dialog: with the cranberry torte?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh...drizzle it with Grand Marnier?
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: - MICHAEL
dialog: That's right. And what did you do?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I drizzled it with Grand Marnier.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (screeching}
dialog: You drowned it in Grand Marnier!
dialog: I nearly had to perform mouth to
dialog: mouth! The little cranberries were
dialog: in there screaming, "Oh help us!
dialog: We're drowning in an alcohol bath!"
text: Claire exits the bathroom. John starts out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Excuse me, Captain. Table three
dialog: heeds a...
text: We see Sack walk up to Claire and escort her back to the
text: banquet room. John's lost his chance.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing; to
dialog: Michael)
dialog: I'll, wh, drizzle next time....
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Please do.
text: Michael exits haughtily. John's sighs.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy walks by table five.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: I need a soup spoon.
text: Jeremy stares at the table. There's a soup spoon sitting
text: right there. He decides not to say anything. He starts to
text: walk away but his pride and anger get the best of him.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (beside himself)
dialog: I-I~I'm sorry.
dialog: | (picking up a spoon)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: That's not a soup spoon.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well it's not a coke spoon!
dialog: v
dialog: 9g.
text: He picks up-the man's teaspoon.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See? Teaspoon, soup spoon! Tea
dialog: spoon, soup spoon! Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: Well now you've touched it! I need
dialog: another!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Get it yourself, you decrepit old-
dialog: money cocksucker! !
text: The whole restaurant gasps.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing; yelling)
dialog: Boes anyone else need anything?
dialog: Because I'm gonna take my break.
text: Jeremy starts to exit into the kitchen, The Secret Service
text: guys rush into the dining raom to see what the fuss is about.
text: Sack, Claire and Sec. Cleary are with them. They see Jeremy
text: who's bee-lining it for the kitchen. Gloria starts to enter
text: but Secretary Cleary gently pushes her back to the private
dialog: room.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (to Claire)
dialog: Take care of Gloria.”
text: Claire is torn and hesitates.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Do it, sweetheart! Please!
text: Claire follows her sister back into the private room.
scene_heading: INT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Jeremy enters the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Okay. We're gonna want to run now.
text: John sees Sack and the Secret Service guys enter the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh not again!
speaker_heading: ~ SACK
dialog: {to the Secret
dialog: Service)
dialog: These are the guys I warned you
dialog: about. .
text: The Secret Service guys grab John and Jeremy.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: No! Let me handle it!
scene_heading: EXT. CHATHAM BEACH CLUB/PARKING LOT - A. FEW MINUTES LATER
text: _A guy, TRAP MITCHELL, is holding John while Sack pummels him.
text: The other has Jeremy pinned to the ground. Sec. Cleary looks
dialog: on. :
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Now if I see either of you
dialog: anywhere near my daughters again,
dialog: I will have you arrested! I have
dialog: that sort of power and I won! t
dialog: hesitate to use it.
text: Secretary Cleary storms off.
speaker_heading: TRAP
dialog: (to Sack)
dialog: One more, Sackmastér, and then we
dialog: have to finish up dinner.
text: Sack slams John in the gut, spits on him and he and the Trap
text: go back into the restaurant, leaving John and Jeremy in the
text: parking lot. John sits up and rubs his jaw. Jeremy dusts
text: ‘himself off. He looks at Jeremy, disgusted.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nice job.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh? You didn't care for my
dialog: performance as a waiter? Okay,
dialog: well don't go to the fucking
dialog: sequel, all right?
text: John shakes his head. He takes off his torn jacket and gets
text: up. So does Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Dude, look, she’s just not worth
dialog: it.
text: John stares at nim for a beat.
speaker_heading: ~ JOHN
dialog: You know, that's what you said
dialog: about Mary Theresa Spinolli.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mary Theresa Spinolli? Your Junior
dialog: Prom date? 2
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I know the story! I had to remind
dialog: you of the story!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mary Theresa Spinolli was cheating
dialog: on you with every guy in high
dialog: school! You were in love with her!
dialog: She broke your heart!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Are you fucking high? That was
dialog: fifteen years ago! -
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mary Theresa Spinolli was your
dialog: first love and she broke your
dialog: heart! And because you had to be
dialog: aman, because we all have to be
dialog: "men," all you had to say about it
dialog: was “she's just not worth it."
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay, I think you have a
dialog: concussion.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Problem was you couldn't move on.
dialog: And since then, none of them have
dialog: been worth it! Right, Jeremy?! -
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're an asshole.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And now, because of that, we all
dialog: have to pay the price!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: What price is that, John?!
speaker_heading: oe _ JOHN
dialog: -Not growing up! Okay?! Pissing
dialog: away our fucking lives living by
dialog: some idiotic dumb-ass "rules!" Not
dialog: growing up, Jeremy...
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You could've opted out anytime, my
dialog: friend! Nobody held a gun to your
dialog: head!
text: John doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: JEREMY —
dialog: {cont inuing)
dialog: This life... crashing weddings,
dialog: picking up women... this life fits
dialog: you perfectly. And you know why?
dialog: Because you're a chronic liar.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: JEREMY : -
dialog: See, crashing weddings, pretending
dialog: to be someone you're not-to get
dialog: laid? You don't do that in spite
dialog: of who you are. You do that
dialog: because of who you are! Don't get
dialog: me wrong. It's a compliment.
dialog: You're a genius at bullshit.
dialog: That's why you're so good in the
dialog: court room. And that's why you're
dialog: so good at crashing weddings. It's
dialog: who you are.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm outta here.
text: Jonn starts to walk away but stops and turns.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All those weddings we went. to over
dialog: the years. Didn't you once look at
dialog: how happy the bride and groom were
dialog: and wonder what that would be like?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I feel sorry for you.
text: John starts to leave. Jeremy grabs his arm.
dialog: 102.
dialog: w
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ” JEREMY
dialog: At least I know who I am,
dialog: motherfucker! You? Hell, you can
dialog: talk about love, love, love until
dialog: you're blue in the face. But in
dialog: the morning you still have to wake
dialog: up as John. Full of shit John.
text: John clenches his fist and is about to belt him. Then he
text: takes a breath, sighs and backs off.
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: You know what? You're just not
dialog: worth it.
text: John turns and waiks away.
scene_heading: INT. LAW FIRM OF BECKWITH AND KLEIN - TWO MONTHS LATER
text: Decorations and trays of food are out. Everybody's drinking.
text: It's a party. A banner reads: "Fareweil John. Good Luck in
text: Chicago. "We see a group of John's colleagues toast him. John
text: raises his glass and smiles. He takes a drink and casually
text: looks around. Jeremy's nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: INT. JEREMY'S OFFICE - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Jeremy is at his desk. It's dark, save for one lone dim lamp.
text: Jeremy takes a drink. He's obviously unhappy.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: John is packing up boxes, getting ready to move. Jeremy
text: bursts in.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Okay, don't say anything! Not a
dialog: word. Let me just say this. What
dialog: you said outside the beach club?
dialog: It was true. I mean, about thirty
dialog: percent of it.
dialog: (off John's look}
dialog: Okay it was all true. I haven't
dialog: grown up and...I am covering for
dialog: some...pain. And...I don't know.
dialog: Look, I'm sorry I fucked up the
dialog: Claire thing for you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You didn't fuck up anything.
text: Jeremy smiles.
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: \, _ JOHN
dialog: ° (continuing)
dialog: Well, I.mean you.did, but it
dialog: wasn't your fault. How could I
dialog: ever expect to woo the woman of my
dialog: dreams by crashing a wedding? It's
dialog: ridiculous.
scene_heading: . . JEREMY
dialog: Well, we did have fun...at all of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No doubt , my friend.
text: “They look at each other and embrace.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I just need to make a new start.
dialog: Preferably in a state where I'm
dialog: not under a restraining order.
speaker_heading: JEREMY .
dialog: Yeah, I get that. It's just I was
dialog: thinking we should go out one more
dialog: _ time before you leave.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, That'd be great. What do you
dialog: want to do?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, there's a wedding...
speaker_heading: SOHN
dialog: Jeremy....
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Come on. For old times' sake.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No way. I'm done with that.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: This’ll be the fast one! A send
dialog: off. Do £t for “Hié, Fifteen years
dialog: of friendship...
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON CHURCH - LATER
text: Sohn and Jeremy enter. the church. They stop in the back.
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: ” JOHN
dialog: , You know this is the last time I'm
dialog: wets doing this, right? .
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Absolutely.
text: A wedding is in progress. John icoks up at the altar. It's
text: Claire and Sack's wedding. He looks at Jeremy. Jeremy smiles.
speaker_heading: . JOHN
dialog: I don't think I can do this...
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Sure.you can. She's the woman of
dialog: your dreams.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh man....
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's your big momant. Dazzle the
dialog: jury.
text: John looks at Jeremy.
speaker_heading: : JOHN
dialog: a Thanks. —
speaker_heading: JEREMY :
dialog: You'll want to hurry up. I think
dialog: they're getting pretty close to
dialog: the "I do” part. Which would be
dialog: bad.
text: John walks toward the altar. He clears his throat loudly. All
text: eyes turn to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: SEC, CLEARY
dialog: Oh, for the love of God!
text: He motions security over.-Grandma Cleary stands up.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA’ CLEARY
dialog: It's the Jews!
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Security!
text: The Secret Service approach John.
speaker_heading: PM
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 7 JOHN
dialog: Just let me speak my mind and I'11l
dialog: leave you all alone forever.
text: Sec. Cleary nods "okay" to the security men.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: (sotto to Claire)
dialog: I don’t fucking believe this.
speaker_heading: JOHN.
dialog: Claire, it's true, I met you
dialog: because I crashed your sister's
dialog: wedding.
dialog: {to the guests)
dialog: That's right. I crash weddings. Or
dialog: at least I used to. In fact...
dialog: (pointing to a couple)
dialog: I crashed your wedding about a
dialog: year ago. Very nice, by the way.
dialog: I will say a vegetarian option is
dialog: usually a good ideé but,
dialog: otherwise, a wonderful wedding.
dialog: How's it going for you by the way? -
text: They nod "pretty good." From the back of the church, Jeremy
text: clears his throat as if to say, "Pick it up."
dialog: Everybody
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And, yes, it's true I'm a lawyer.
dialog: But my heart's not in my law
dialog: practice. I mean, I've tried to do
dialog: good. Well, that hasn't always
dialog: been true and, well, I've lied...”
dialog: a lot.
text: shifts uncomfortably. Jeremy clears his throat
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All right, all right! My point is
dialog: I've changed. I guess I've grown
dialog: up and I don't know why it took me
dialog: so long but, well, maybe it's
dialog: because I didn't see anything
dialog: worth growing up for and now maybe
dialog: I do and look, I don't know... I'm
dialog: sorry. I'm usually pretty
dialog: articulate but... I guess it's a
dialog: lot harder when you're not
dialog: bullshitting.
dialog: (to the Priest)
dialog: Sorry Father,
dialog: . 107.
dialog: Father O’Neil nods “don't worry about it."
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yes, I was. a liar. I was a liar
dialog: because I was scared. But you know
dialog: what, Claire? You're scared too.
dialog: You're scared to tell-the truth
dialog: about Sack. You're not in love
dialog: ‘with that bozo.
text: Sack turns crimson.
speaker_heading: SACK
dialog: Okay, I've had enough.
text: He starts to moves off the altar. Claire holds his arm.
speaker_heading: JOHN . .
dialog: In fact, I think you might be in
dialog: love with me. I know I'm in love
dialog: with you. In. fact, I love every
dialog: single thing about you...except
dialog: for the fact yeu'’re on that altar-
text: with another man.
text: John starts to walk toward the altar.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But, Claire, I've made a change in
dialog: my life because of you and maybe
dialog: you'd like to make a change
dialog: because of me. .
text: Claize looks at Sack and then looks at John. A long beat and
text: then she smiles at Sack. She leans to him. He smiles. We
text: think she's going to kiss him. Their lips are about to meet.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm sorry, Sack.
text: She takes off her veil and steps off the altar. Sack looks at
dialog: Secretary Cleary as if to say “help me."
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Claire!
text: Claire turns around.
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: (continuing; beat,
dialog: then smiling)
dialog: I'm sure you and John will be very
dialog: happy. At least try to be, okay?
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: - SACK
dialog: Oh, you've got to be kidding!
scene_heading: SEC. CLEARY
dialog: Lodge, you're a tool. In fact, you
dialog: come from a long line of tools. I
dialog: suppose you're maintaining the
dialog: tool tradition...but not with my
dialog: daughter.
text: Sack glares at Sec. Cleary, then bolts off the altar. He's
text: running straight for John but before he can get there, Jeremy
text: runs up from the back of the church and tackles him.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (te Sack}
dialog: Oh sorry, dude, I don’t know what
dialog: got into me. I'm seeing a Buddhist
dialog: about it.
text: Claire runs up and hugs John. They begin rushing out of the
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: JOHN -
dialog: Thanks, buddy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: My pieasure.
text: Gloria's noticed Jeremy for the first time.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Jeremy!
text: She runs toward him.
text: Todd stands up, runs toward a man in the first row and hugs
dialog: him. .
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Senator Frankel!
text: There's total chaos in the church. John and Claire kiss. They
text: run out of the church. .
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH STEPS - CONTINUOUS
text: John and Claire look at each other and smile.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm starving...
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: _ JOHN
dialog: Me too. What're you in the mood
dialog: for?
text: We see Jeremy being chased by Gloria, ten feet behind them.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I don't know. Maybe Japanese.
speaker_heading: JEREMY a4
dialog: {calling out} me 4
dialog: Fujimora wedding! Salem. Three .
dialog: p.m. Great tempura.
text: Jeremy keeps running. John and Claire shake their: heads and
text: laugh. A wedding guest who's late, walks up with a gift in
text: her hand and perplexedly hands it to Claire.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Place setting.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh yeah. .
text: She hands the gift back. John and Claire look at each other,
dialog: kiss and keep running.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CHYRON READS: ONE YEAR LATER
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE OF WORSHIP - ONE YEAR LATER
text: CLOSE ON: John and Jeremy. They're in tuxes. We see just a
text: touch of the altar behind them. The Wedding March begins to
text: play. John’s a little nervous. They have a sotto conversation.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Dude, you ready for this?
speaker_heading: JOBN
dialog: Yeah, yeah...of coursé.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Because you seem nervous...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm fine, I'm fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's just that I've never been a
dialog: Best Man before.
text: We pull back to see Gloria walking down the aisle with
dialog: Secretary Cleary.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: - JEREMY
dialog: Dude, you're going to be a groom
dialog: next month!
text: We see Claire, the Maid of Honor standing with other
text: bridesmaids. John smiles at her. She smiles back.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: - Oh, that I can deal with. Watching
dialog: you do this, different story.
text: Jeremy laughs. Gloria gets closer.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You know, we're going to be
dialog: brothers-in-law.
speaker_heading: JOHRN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, you know, the rules for
dialog: brothers-in-law are different.
dialog: When Chazz Reinghold got married,
dialog: he said~-
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wait! What do you mean "When Chazz
dialog: . Reinghold got married?!" You never
dialog: _ told me he actually got married!
text: Gloria!s-nearly at the altar.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Oh..-yeah...well he tied the knot
dialog: last year.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can’t believe you didn't tell me
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I guess I forgot...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Boys! Enough!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Jeremy)
dialog: We’ll talk about this later.
dialog: 
dialog: 111.
text: Secretary Cleary gives Gloria a kiss and shakes Jeremy's
text: hand. Jeremy beams as he sees Gloria, radiant, John smiles
text: and pats Jeremy on the back. Jeremy starts toward the altar
text: where we see a Priest and a Rabbi.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (te himself)
dialog: Shoot! I forgot.
text: Jeremy takes out a yarmulke and puts it on,
text: CLOSE ON: Grandma Mary. She rolis her eyes.
text: As Jeremy is about to step up to the aitar he turns to John.
speaker_heading: JORN
dialog: (whispering}
dialog: Dude, row seven, five and six
dialog: seats in.
text: John turns around. He sees two guys in their early twenties.
text: They're both gently dabbing their eyes. John turns toward
text: Jeremy and smilies.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (continuing; sotto)
dialog: Crashers,
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: John chuckles and gives the guys a nod. Jeremy walks up to
text: the altar. He and Gloria smile at each other, as we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
