speaker_heading: UPLOAD
text: One-hour pilot of a half-hour series
dialog: Created by
dialog: Greg Daniels
dialog: August 21, 2017
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
dialog: “Nora”
speaker_heading: NORA ANTONY,
text: cute, defiant, 27, in a profile picture on an app called
text: “Nitely,” above a 5-possible-star rating that hasn’t been
dialog: filled out yet.
text: REVEAL a dude named BYRON is holding the screen and looking
text: at the real NORA getting dressed next to a bed.
scene_heading: INT. NY APARTMENT BEDROOM - DECEMBER DAY, 2031 - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora waits for a shirt to come out of a 3D printer. It’s the
dialog: future, guys.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Hey thanks for the bottle of water.
dialog: It’s the little touches get you 5
dialog: stars.
text: She shows him she rated him 5 stars on her version of Nitely
dialog: (which is like a Tinder/Uber hybrid.)
speaker_heading: BYRON
dialog: Cool. Hey, you have time for a
dialog: quick fuck before work?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I really don’t. Maybe if we get
text: matched up again.
speaker_heading: BYRON
dialog: Um, I haven’t rated you yet.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: ... Really, dude?
speaker_heading: BYRON
dialog: I mean, two stars can significantly
dialog: lower your average...
text: Nora sighs and starts taking off her clothes.
speaker_heading: BYRON (CONT'D)
dialog: Awesome. Thanks man.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, you know what? Fuck this.
dialog: I‘1l take the two.
speaker_heading: BYRON
dialog: Too bad, bitch. I gave you a one.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Wow. Okay then, I’1l earn it.
text: She grabs the shirt and heaves the printer in the air,
text: leaving as Byron scrambles to catch it.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE BYRON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Pulling on her shirt, Nora hears a CRASH and smiles. Her
text: phone dings and she sees a screen: “You have received a 0-
dialog: star rating on your last Nitely experience. Would you like
dialog: to contest, y/n?” She scowls.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: “Nathan”
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - L.A. - NOVEMBER DAY, A MONTH BEFORE
text: The freeway is full of SELF-DRIVING CARS shaped like eggs.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S SELF-DRIVING CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: NATHAN BROWN, 27, things come easily to him, especially
text: women, edits lines of computer code projected on
dialog: windshield/screen.
text: Nathan's best friend/work partner JAIME ARNAZ is on speaker.
speaker_heading: JAIME (V.O.)
dialog: There’s some kind of acceptance
text: bias in the last three lines.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah... what is that?... oh.
text: He hits a few keys.
speaker_heading: JAIME (V.O.)
dialog: (tired)
dialog: Aw yiss. Nailed it. Okay, the
dialog: AGIP protocol still needs work.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: God no. I gotta veg a little. See
dialog: you later, okay?
speaker_heading: JAIME (V.O.)
dialog: Dude, we are so close--
text: Nathan hangs up, then pokes a key. His work is pushed to the
text: side. He decides to have some fun.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Car?
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: (Australian accent female)
dialog: Yes, Nathan?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Clean camera lenses please.
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: Cleaning...
text: Little squirts and wipers go off inside and out. While the
text: car can’t see, Nathan shuts off the car’s brain and hacks
text: something to drive using the keyboard with the W-A-S-D keys.
text: He swerves in and out, passing other cars and enjoying the
text: startled looks. After a few seconds, he hears a SIREN.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Uh oh.
scene_heading: FREEWAY SHOULDER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan explains out the window.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It just started racing, who knows
dialog: why. I’11 take it in to be
dialog: serviced asap, swear to God.
text: REVEAL he’s Facetiming a FEMALE CHP OFFICER on a tablet
text: attached to a hovering DRONE.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m on my way to my parent’s house
dialog: for Thanksgiving -- can you imagine
dialog: if they were waiting and my car had
dialog: -- I don’t even want to think about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CHP OFFICER
dialog: Uh huh. Car, what’s your story?
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: Don’t know what happened. Lost
dialog: consciousness for a minute. Will
dialog: update anti-virus software now.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, you do that. There’s a human
dialog: life back here!
speaker_heading: FEMALE CHP OFFICER
dialog: Okay, you can go. Get it fixed
dialog: soon though. I don’t want to see
dialog: you again.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh no...?
text: He smiles at her. She laughs, charmed.
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: Should I call your long-time
dialog: girlfriend Ingrid and tell her you
dialog: will be late?
text: The officer rolls her eyes and flies off.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It’s called being nice. God.
scene_heading: INT. NY SUBWAY - FUTURE DECEMBER DAY —- MORNING
text: Ads for the big digital afterlives line the car. (“Experience
dialog: ‘Ternity’ by Spectrum.” “Apple/Intel’s ‘Cove’” “40% off your
dialog: first 100 years at Snap-Disney’s ‘Cumulus.’” “You did well,
dialog: you deserve Lakeview by Amazon.”)
text: Nora, squeezed on a bench, glances at the guy next to her.
text: He’s watching a telenovela called “Amor Despues de la
text: Muerte.” A man holds his hand up to a giant screen. On the
text: other side, a woman holds her hand up to touch his. Behind
text: her is a color-saturated Puerto Rico beach resort.
speaker_heading: TELENOVELA WOMAN
dialog: Me estas esperando?
speaker_heading: TELENOVELA MAN
dialog: Dije que lo haria.
text: Nora leans closer to the guy’s earbud to listen in. The guy
text: turns and kisses her on the mouth. She rubs her lip with her
dialog: sleeve.
speaker_heading: NORA
text: Echh. Fucking commuters.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - FUTURE - OVERCAST DAY - A LITTLE LATER
text: Nora walks down the crowded sidewalk. Drones fly overhead
text: like pigeons. The street is crammed with bikes, one of which
text: bangs into Nora.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Ow! Fucking bikes!
scene_heading: EXT. AMAZON OFFICE BUILDING - BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Nora hurries past protesters, holding signs like “Digital
dialog: Afterlife is an Abomination to God!”
speaker_heading: PROTESTOR
dialog: The Works of Man are Shit!
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Fucking Ludds.
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON OFFICE BUILDING ENTRANCE - BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Employees touch their index finger to a screen and are
text: allowed to enter. Nora gives the middle finger to the screen,
text: then uses it to log in. She walks under a sign reading:
dialog: “Amazon Lakeview Customer Service.”
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING IN LA (ECHO PARK) - EVENING
text: An old Tesla Model S (a junker in the future) stops in front
text: and Jaime runs out. Behind him, the car parks itself.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Jaime lets himself in and rushes to the dining room.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Hey, Mrs. Brown, sorry I’m late--
dialog: whoa!
text: He sees Nathan sitting next to INGRID KANNERMAN, 28, blonde,
text: very beautiful but intense, surrounded by Nathan’s family.
speaker_heading: JAIME (CONT'D)
dialog: Ingrid. What are you -- I mean, am
dialog: I crashing something?
text: Ingrid nods. Nathan’s Mom, who is smoking a joint, waves off
dialog: his concern.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S MOM
dialog: Pshh, Jaime, you’re always welcome.
dialog: Nathan, get him a chair.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: I'll help.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: The fuck?! She always has
text: Thanksgiving with her family.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Invited herself. I didn’t think it
dialog: was a great idea but she started
dialog: crying, and I can’t handle crying.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: You could have told me she’d be
dialog: here. I had time to kill myself.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Just drop it, man. She’s my
dialog: girlfriend now and I love her. Get
dialog: used to it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Okay, but if she’s coming to family
dialog: Thanksgiving, next thing she’s
dialog: gonna expect is a proposal. Get
dialog: used to that.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ingrid holds up a spoon of rice with red berries.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: And it’s really called “barbarian
dialog: stew?”
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S MOM
dialog: No, those are “bar-berries.” The
dialog: dish is Zereshk Pollo. It’s
dialog: Persian, from my mother’s side.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ha ahhaa. It is so good. Spicy!
text: Nathan and Jaime come back in.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: So, Ingrid, Nathan says you invited
dialog: him to your grandma’s 100th
dialog: birthday?
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S DAD
dialog: A hundred! Wow, impressive.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well, she’s in Heaven.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S MOM
dialog: Oh, which one?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Lakeview.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S MOM
dialog: Mmm, I’ve heard it’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well, we’re an Amazon family.
text: Prime on both sides.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S DAD
dialog: Heaven's too expensive for me.
dialog: I'll be stored on a sim card until
dialog: these two finish their free
dialog: version.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: It won’t be long, if Nathan parties
dialog: a little less and programs a little
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S MOM
dialog: Pay him a salary, you can ask for a
dialog: drug test.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Aw yiss, Mom!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well, you’d all be welcome at
dialog: Lakeview. It’s surprisingly
dialog: affordable.
text: Awkward beat. Nathan’s niece NEVAEH, 8, whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: NEVAEH
dialog: Uncle Nathan, can you help me with
dialog: my classical dance homework?
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nevaeh is TWERKING happily to “OMG” by Arash as Nathan mimes
text: riding her like a cowboy.
text: DANCING MONTAGE: Nathan holds Nevaeh’s hands and spins her
text: around. He glances in the mirror and fixes his hair. Nevaeh
text: slips out of his other hand and crashes into the wall.
speaker_heading: NEVAEH
dialog: Uncle Nathan!
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry!
text: They keep twirling. Nevaeh is red in the face but loving it.
text: Ingrid watches him dance with a smile, then checks her phone.
text: She catches Nathan’s eye and makes a “let’s go” face.
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON OFFICE AREA —- BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Nora walks past rows of desks, puts her coat on her chair,
text: and touches her ear. A little earbud blinks on and she hears
text: Beyoncé’s “Crazy in Love.” She waves at her terminal and her
text: screen lights up.
text: Across the room, Nora’s supervisor, LUCY, looks at a map of
text: the workstations. Next to “Nora Antony” is a headset icon.
text: Lucy pokes it with her finger.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: No music!
text: The music stops.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Cool! Thanks so much, Lucy! Merry
dialog: Winterday!
text: She turns to her screen covered with folders and opens one
text: labelled “Rechna Futawarab.” Inside is an avatar of a MIDDLE-
text: AGED INDIAN WOMAN next to a million video files and an alert:
text: “rendering complete: activate?” Nora hits a key and a window
text: opens with a jiggling brain wave and an upload circle that
text: starts filling up.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into her headset)
dialog: Hello, Rechna.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not expecting you to answer me
dialog: yet, the system is sorting through
dialog: a lot of information right now, but
dialog: I’m gonna count to three, try to
dialog: count with me. One... two... three.
speaker_heading: RECHNA (V.O.)
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Oo-oh my God, where am I...?
speaker_heading: NORA (0.S.)
dialog: It’s all good, Rechna. Welcome to
dialog: Heaven.
scene_heading: INT. A BED SOMEWHERE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Nathan and Ingrid finish making love, and she snuggles into
text: him. Passing lights and advertising flicker on the ceiling.
text: REVEAL the bed is in Ingrid’s CAR.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Think they liked me?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sure. You’re so fucking hot.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry, what'd you say?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Your family. Your mom said I was
dialog: the first girl you ever brought
dialog: home for Thanksgiving.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No big deal.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I think it is a big deal. I feel
dialog: very special, babe.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: ++. Cool.
text: HONK!! The car swerves, people outside curse, Nathan sits up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa, do you have “prioritize
dialog: occupant” on?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Of course. I care about us. You
dialog: don't “prioritize pedestrian,” do
dialog: you?
text: He does. Ingrid notices something outside.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Park!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. INGRID’S CAR POD - CONTINUOUS
text: Ingrid’s car pulls over across from a little bodega called
dialog: “Whole Foods.” (For some reason, that chain has shrunk in
text: the future.) Behind them, Nathan’s empty car pulls over too.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Sleep over tonight?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (sexy)
dialog: I‘1l make it worth your while in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Good. We need egg powder and a can
dialog: of toast.
scene_heading: EXT. INGRID’S CAR POD — CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan enters the store. Her pod takes off, his waits.
scene_heading: INT. WHOLE FOODS - FREEZER AISLE - NIGHT
text: Nathan pushes a cart down the freezer aisle.
speaker_heading: FREEZER
dialog: (Australian accent)
dialog: You lack iron. Buy some spinach.
scene_heading: INT. WHOLE FOODS - CHECK OUT - A LITTLE LATER
text: A robot arm bags his groceries. Nathan pages through a
text: tabloid on a screen.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - TABLOID ARTICLE
dialog: “Facebook/Panera Heaven Breaks First Weekend Attendance
text: Records.” Videos show a Morongo-style hotel, with crowds
dialog: gambling, learning to sexy dance, etc.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR - SPEEDING - LATER
text: PULL OUT to see the article is now on Nathan’s windshield.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Panera went online with a record-
dialog: breaking fifty million unique souls
dialog: and visitors. The aggressive
text: former-chain restaurant is on an
dialog: acquisition tear, its stock soaring
text: after rolling up Monsanto and
dialog: Facebook earlier this year.
text: Nathan suddenly notices his car is going fast and is HEADING
text: STRAIGHT FOR a double-parked truck.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Car, see the parked truck?
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, it’s double parked.
speaker_heading: CAR
text: Data shows no vehicles.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m looking right at a truck!
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: Could you be impaired by drugs?
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Fuck you! Manual override!
speaker_heading: CAR
dialog: Manuel? There is no Manuel here.
dialog: You are probably impaired.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: STOP THE CAR!
text: Nathan CRASHES into the truck.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S WORKSTATION - BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Nora sucks an iced coffee from Dunkin Donuts, and works on a
text: new folder on her screen labelled “NATHAN BROWN.”
text: She opens a video memory file to see...
text: Nathan's POV: he happily dances with Nevaeh at Thanksgiving.
text: Nathan catches sight of himself in the mirror and grins.
text: Nora pauses the image, then screenshots Nathan’s face and
text: drags it to an empty wire frame animation, giving it a blurry
dialog: Nathan face.
text: Lucy walks down the line of desks.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Anyone see my coffee order?
text: Nora rotates her cup which says “Lucy” away as Lucy passes.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Nope.
text: She opens another memory file.
text: Nathan's POV: the Pacific Coast Highway over the top of
text: motorcycle handlebars, ocean on the left. Nathan looks into
text: the side mirror and grins, the wind whipping his hair.
text: Nora pauses the picture of Nathan checking his look in the
dialog: mirror again. This guy just loves himself, doesn't he? She
text: drags the image to the wire-frame avatar, which gets more
dialog: detailed and high-res.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER (0.S.)
dialog: Ooh, young.
text: A female co-worker looks over Nora’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER (CONT’D)
dialog: And cute.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: He sure thinks he’s cute. Basic
dialog: Beverly Hills douche. App start-
dialog: up? Vintage motorcycle? Come on.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER
dialog: I didn’t say have his baby, I'd
dialog: just dance that pole. I’m in the
dialog: wrong neighborhood -- my Nitely
dialog: fucks all have less muscles and
dialog: body hair than me... How’d he die?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (looks at file)
dialog: Car accident.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER
dialog: You mean motorcycle?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It says car.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER
dialog: Weird. I’m Uploading my fifth old
dialog: woman in a row. Fun, huh?
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Nora carefully edits Nathan’s hair on the avatar she is
text: building, which is very detailed now. Using a stylus, she
text: smooths out a cowlick. Perfect. She is very good at what
text: she does. She looks at his handsome face for a beat, then
text: mischievously “undos” the last few strokes until the cowlick
text: is back, and saves her work.
text: She clicks on another memory file, but it doesn’t open.
text: “MEMORY FILE A56F432C8 DAMAGED.” Nora frowns. That usually
text: doesn't happen. She starts a folder labelled “???” and drags
text: the damaged file into it. She opens the next memory file.
text: Nathan’s POV: lights pass by on a ceiling.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - SHORTLY AFTER THE ACCIDENT
text: Chaos. Nathan is on a gurney being pushed into an OR where a
text: team is working on him. Ingrid follows, freaking out.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: Do you have any drug allergies,
dialog: Nathan?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (voice is weird and
dialog: whispery)
dialog: No. I really think I’m okay.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: When’s your birthday?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: On the brif of Febinary.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, you’re not okay. God, I should
dialog: have waited for you!
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: -.. Your teeth are so white.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
text: Morphine has kicked in.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m going home.
text: Nathan tries to stand up.
scene_heading: BLOOD PRESSURE MACHINE
dialog: (another Australian female
dialog: voice)
dialog: Sit down please.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ER NURSE
text: His vitals are dropping.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: 5 mgs epinephrine NOW.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh! We really want to Upload and I
dialog: don’t want to miss the window.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: Is the paperwork all filled out?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
text: Heaven sales rep to the ER.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Wait, what?
scene_heading: ER NURSE ANOTHER ER NURSE
dialog: Just in case. Can't Upload a dead body.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Dead body?! I’m going to be fine.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Baby there's pieces of you sticking
dialog: out all over the place!
scene_heading: NATHAN ANOTHER ER NURSE
dialog: Could someone call my folks? Vitals still dropping.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: INGRID ER NURSE
dialog: They're on their way. Your Where is my surgical
dialog: car called them after me. consult!?
text: A man in a suit steps in holding a tablet.
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Brand?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Amazon Lakeview please.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I want to request Neutral Storage,
dialog: it’s a separate form.
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Sorry. One at a time please. I
dialog: need to start with an Amazon ID.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ingrid Kannerman. Capital P
dialog: panorama ampersand 2002.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: Stand by on Upload Room 2.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Really don’t think we need Upload.
dialog: I'm feeling pretty chill.
text: INSERT SHOT: his vital signs dropping on the monitor.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ER NURSE ER NURSE
text: His vitals are still going Another 3 mgs epinephrine.
dialog: down. I’ve got OR 3 on hold also.
dialog: Where is my consult?!?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Baby, don’t try and tough this out.
dialog: You could just old-fashioned die,
dialog: or we could be together forever.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Forever? Um. Honey you know I
dialog: love you, you're amazing, but--
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: But what?
text: Ingrid starts CRYING.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: If you’d rather die than be with me-
dialog: - I just -- I --
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Don’t cry. Please don’t cry.
text: Ingrid cries harder. Nathan is aware of the sales rep.
dialog: Me too!
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s people... Now is so...
dialog: (sigh)
dialog: Of course I want to be with you,
speaker_heading: INGRID NATHAN
dialog: there’s just a lot going on--
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: (thrusting tablet under
dialog: Nathan’s hand)
dialog: Great. Hit “accept.”
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Wait, what am I accepting?
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Our terms of service.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Which are?
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: You want to read it? It’s like two
dialog: hundred pages.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I can’t sign without knowing what
dialog: I'm signing.
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Have you never gotten an app, ever?
dialog: You can’t use the service without
dialog: agreeing to the terms of service.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: But that’s not fair. If I don’t
dialog: use the service, I could be dead.
dialog: I mean really dead dead.
dialog: (it hits him)
text: Disappear forever dead.
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: I would choose “agree” then.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Fuuuuuuuck.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S WORKSTATION - BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Nora watches the memory unfold with interest, loudly sucking
text: her drink down to the ice.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (to ER nurse)
dialog: What are my chances here?
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: Your vitals keep dropping so unless
dialog: your system rallies, you are
text: currently dying of a punctured
dialog: lung. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: This is insane, I’m only 27!
text: They stop pushing the gurney because the hall splits into two
dialog: directions: left to Operating Rooms 1-4 and right to Upload
dialog: Rooms 1-3.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: What do you want to do?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Sign the thing!
text: Nathan motions to the Heaven Sales Rep to lean in.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: There’s still sex, right?
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Oh yeah. The VR suits are amazing.
dialog: You can adjust her avatar, you can
dialog: boost levels, stimulation you
dialog: wouldn’t believe.
text: Nathan nods and looks around.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Where’s my mom? I need to talk to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HEAVEN SALES REP
dialog: Eww gross.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Not about that. God.
text: His monitor beeps another warning. Ingrid gets on her knees
text: and holds his hand like a demented proposal.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nathan please. Say yes. I’m
dialog: begging you, we’re out of time.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Ugh. Okay. Okay!
text: He touches “ACCEPT” and they wheel him to the right.
speaker_heading: INGRID NATHAN
dialog: This is going to be so great! Okay. Whatever.
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: It’s only for eternity.
scene_heading: INT. UPLOAD ROOM 2 - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan is strapped in a chair under a giant device that hangs
text: from the ceiling.
speaker_heading: SCANNING TECHNICIAN
dialog: This won't hurt. As soon as the
text: shutters are up to speed, the
dialog: scanner will start recording. I’m
dialog: jealous man, Lakeview’s plush. See
dialog: you on the other side.
text: He exits. (ANGLE ON THE MONITOR: Unnoticed, Nathan’s VITAL
text: SIGNS start to GO BACK UP.)
text: Nathan looks above him where a metal blade is starting to
text: spin faster and faster.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Uh... Can we hit pause here?
speaker_heading: SCANNING TECHNICIAN (V.O.)
dialog: Please look forward at the spot in
dialog: front of you.
text: Nathan looks at a “LOOK HERE” sign on the wall next to the
text: window where Ingrid and the nurses are watching him. Through
text: the window, he sees his mom burst in the back of the room.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh thank God. Mom--
dialog: 19.
text: Suddenly the Scan begins. A blinding WHITE LIGHT shines down
text: on Nathan’s head, burning off one layer of molecules at a
text: time, as a fan blows the ash of the already recorded layer
text: out of the way.
text: Quickly, Nathan’s HEAD FIZZLES down to his shoulders like a
text: burnt hair and the machine shuts off.
text: His headless body, still with arm raised to his mom, falls
text: into a cooler full of ice. As his mom and Ingrid SCREAM...
speaker_heading: SCANNING MACHINE
dialog: (Australian accent)
dialog: Upload complete.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: After a time...
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Nathan. I’m not expecting
dialog: you to answer me yet, the system is
dialog: sorting through a lot of
dialog: information, but I’m going to count
dialog: to three, and try to count with me.
dialog: One... two... three...
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora looks at a wave form of Nathan’s consciousness. Next to
text: it is a circle that is slowly filling up. (Another window
text: scrolls through the millions of video files and photos. It’s
dialog: complicated and cool as shit.)
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Welcome to Heaven, Nathan.
text: BACK TO BLACK
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: You made it to Lakeview, you lucky
dialog: duck.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: (groans)
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: Hang in there, dude.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S WORKSTATION —- CONTINUOUS
text: Nora’s screen has Nathan’s brainwaves playing in a window.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I want you to think of your self.
dialog: The “I” in the sentence, “I think
dialog: therefore I am.” Okay, cool, just
dialog: gonna grab that...
text: She highlights a section of his waveform with her cursor.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: That’1l be your password, or
dialog: passthought. I’11 always be able
dialog: to use this to--
text: BACK TO DARKNESS
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: recognize you. Now, remember
dialog: kindergarten? The alphabet song, A
dialog: BCD? Think that for me... Yeah,
dialog: good. Now think the color blue...
text: white... red... yellow. Perfect.
text: The darkness goes blue, then white, then red, then yellow,
text: then starts resolving slowly into a scene.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S WORKSTATION —- CONTINUOUS
text: Nora looks at the screen.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: (Australian female)
dialog: I’m feeling pins and needles.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Why do people always set it for
dialog: Australian accent? Say again
dialog: please.
text: She adjusts some stuff on the screen.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: (regular voice)
text: Pins and needles.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: There we go. That’s a lot better
dialog: voice for you.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: Yours is nice too.
text: Nora rolls her eyes and ignores that.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Pins and needles is just the
dialog: program finding your nerve endings.
dialog: Can you see anything?
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON LAKEVIEW — CONTINUOUS
text: The place is booting up -- a rectangle becomes a window.
text: Details emerge: a wooden rocking chair, a crocheted cushion,
text: porcelain door knobs. Out the window, brilliant blue sky,
text: dark green fir trees on a distant mountain.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (0.S.)
dialog: I’m in some kind of old-fashioned
dialog: room...
text: Nathan’s voice comes out of a simple male avatar with brown
text: skin and hair, whose details are quickly getting filled in.
text: He looks out the window...
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
text: .--looking over a lake...
text: Aaaannnd, he is completely detailed and HD.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-beautiful trees... And, whoa! A
dialog: shark swimming right towards me!
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.)
dialog: What?! That’s not supposed to--
speaker_heading: NATHAN
speaker_heading: JK.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN NATHAN AND NORA
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (a little impressed)
dialog: Ha! Sense of humor. Nice. Um, so,
dialog: welcome to Amazon's Lakeview. The
dialog: only digital afterlife environment
text: modeled on the grand Victorian
dialog: hotels of the United States and
dialog: Canada.
dialog: 22.
text: Nathan looks around the room -- a big, luxurious, hotel suite
text: with a stuffed moose head and handmade wooden chairs with the
text: bark still on.
speaker_heading: NORA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hope it’s not too specific for you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It was never my thing, but it’s
dialog: kinda cool.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah, our design team is brilliant.
dialog: They took for inspiration the
dialog: vacation spots of the Gilded Age
text: millionaires, with a little Gatsby
dialog: and Niagara Falls thrown in for
text: fun. Timeless Americana, uplifting
dialog: views, healthy pursuits. Good
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Are there slaves?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What?! This is a design scheme,
dialog: one, and that’s not even the right
dialog: period, two. Lakeview is open to
dialog: all races, religions, genders,
dialog: absolutely anybody. I see you
dialog: selected “non-denominational
dialog: charismatic Christian” as your
dialog: creed. That means, for you, the
dialog: little chapel east of the hotel
dialog: will be a Pentecostal Church. For
dialog: someone else, the same building
dialog: could be a mosque or even a bowling
dialog: alley.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’1l take the bowling alley.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I can make that change if you give
dialog: me your Amazon ID.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: BrunoMelrosel18.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (typing)
dialog: Your first dog and the street you
dialog: grew up -- you used your porn name
dialog: for an Amazon ID? Pretty poor
text: security for a coder.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Didn't work. Your charges are
dialog: going to an Ingrid Kannerman.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: There’re lots of free activities.
text: Swim in the lake, hike up to a
text: gazebo, take a class.
text: Nathan’s face suddenly screws up and he chokes back tears.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh oh. Dude, you okay?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (tearful)
dialog: Yeah. I don’t know. No.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Don’t be embarrassed. It must be
dialog: really hard. To die, I mean.
dialog: Especially when you’re young, and
dialog: handss - um, healthy. And
dialog: remember, they saved your body so
dialog: who knows? Maybe one day they
dialog: figure out how to put you back in.
text: Nora watches with compassion as Nathan sucks it back up and
dialog: composes himself.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Thanks. What’s your name?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well, you’re supposed to just refer
dialog: to me as your “Angel.”
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh. Are you dead too, or alive?
dialog: Or just artificial intelligence?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I’m not allowed to say. Sorry.
dialog: But anytime you need me I’1l be
dialog: here for you. Just ask and I'll be
dialog: right in your ear.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Okay... Angel.
text: Nora, privately, realizes she likes having this handsome guy
text: call her “angel.” Before the pause turns into a moment...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (back on script)
dialog: So you’re all connected now. Do
dialog: you look real to yourself? Ten
dialog: fingers and toes?
text: He wiggles them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, pretty seamless.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Explore, enjoy, meet your fellow
dialog: Uploads. This is the first day of
dialog: the rest of your afterlife.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Got it. OK. Sounds good.
text: He gives a brave thumbs up. Nora touches her screen and is
text: suddenly looking at 48 little windows with other clients in
text: them. She takes off her headset and rubs her temples. She
text: finds she is still watching Nathan in his small window.
text: She watches as he goes to the window, closes the shades and
text: curls up in bed. Wait, is he crying?
text: She touches the screen to make it go full screen again, and
text: watches Nathan grieve.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Hey, this was a big day. You died
dialog: and were reborn, so a lot to
dialog: process.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Tomorrow’ll be better, you’ll see.
dialog: Get some rest.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Ugh, there’s no way I’m going to
dialog: fall asl--
text: Nora drags down a setting bar on her screen and Nathan is
text: instantly asleep. She watches him for a beat, then types
text: something on her keyboard, and a blanket covers him.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S SUITE - LAKEVIEW - NEXT MORNING
text: Nathan wakes up, sunshine streaming in his window. He
text: stretches and looks around. Not terrible.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BATHROOM
text: He takes a long shower with great water pressure.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh yiss! Oh my god, yes!!
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BATHROOM - LATER
text: Nathan combs his hair but can’t get rid of the cowlick.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S SUITE - KITCHENETTE - CONTINUOUS
text: He walks into a kitchenette and opens the fridge.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S POV
text: The fridge is only stocked with drinks. A sign appears in the
text: air: “swipe left.” He swipes and the drinks slide away,
text: revealing a fridge interior full of fruit. He swipes a
text: couple more times until he sees a bunch of hot coffees. He
text: tries to take out a coffee cup of steaming hot coffee.
text: Another sign appears in the air: “IN-APP PURCHASE. Enter
dialog: your Amazon ID and you will be charged $1.99.”
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Angel?
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, Nathan?
text: Nathan jumps. Behind him is a STUDLY MAN WITH ANGEL WINGS.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yo, what the--? where did you--?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL
dialog: Ha ha ha. Don’t freak.
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON CALL CENTER - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The Male Angel, a much shlubbier guy in real life, sits at
text: his work station, with a Virtual Reality box on his face.
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL
dialog: It’s just VR so I can visit in
dialog: person. You good?
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S SUITE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What happened to the one from last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL
dialog: Not her shift yet. Want a coffee?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Maybe something stronger. Genie, a
dialog: Moscow Mule please.
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL
dialog: Ha ha ha. But really, we have them
dialog: on screen 27.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: .-. Nah. It’s okay.
speaker_heading: MALE ANGEL
dialog: No problem. Later gater.
dialog: He disappears. How weird.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan goes out on the balcony and sees a BEAUTIFUL LAKE with
text: pine-clad mountains across the water.
text: A couple (ZACH and BARBARA) sit holding hands in Adirondack
text: chairs on the balcony next to his.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Hey newbie.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Settling in okay?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah. Are you both...?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Dead? Yup. But thank God we both
dialog: had time for Upload.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: High school sweethearts. First
dialog: woman I ever kissed.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Aww, soulmates. That’s awesome.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: That’s what it’s all about. Love
text: beats death, two zip.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Cute. So, Upload, huh?
text: (slaps his chest, deep
dialog: breath)
dialog: I feel completely real and alive.
dialog: The programming depth is insane.
dialog: And I’m a coder.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Oh, what do you program?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (trying to remember)
dialog: Uh... different things.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Good! Gonna go for a hike?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Maybe after breakfast. If I don’t
dialog: want to use the minibar, is there a
dialog: breakfast that’s included, or...?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Yes, in the dining hall, for
text: another 20 minutes. It’s amazing.
dialog: They’ve got maple bacon donuts.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: D’oh! Right?
dialog: (off their stare)
dialog: Simpsons?
dialog: (mutters to himself)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s only been on the air for 57
dialog: years.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW - HALL.
dialog: 28.
text: Nathan goes out his front door (Suite 10556) and is in a long
text: hall. He walks past other doors looking for the elevators.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW —- ELEVATOR
text: He gets on an elevator with a woman who looks 18, but wears
text: clothes from the 1960s, and is only in black-and-white.
text: stares at her...
speaker_heading: 1960S WOMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry. This is my first day.
speaker_heading: 1960S WOMAN
dialog: Oh! You’re wondering about my
dialog: avatar. I turn a hundred next
dialog: month, but I used a photo of me
dialog: from 1961, although it might be my
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Is your last name Kannerman by any
dialog: chance?
speaker_heading: 1960S WOMAN
dialog: Yes it is. Mildred Kannerman.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m going to your birthday party.
dialog: I’m Ingrid’s boyfriend.
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: Oh, honey, I hadn’t heard. I’m so
dialog: sorry. Oh, poor Ingrid. This is
dialog: really too bad.
text: The elevator stops at her floor.
speaker_heading: MILDRED (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s me. 10,300.
dialog: (she stares at him)
dialog: This is really too bad.
text: She gets off, leaving him a bit thrown.
dialog: He
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW - FIRST FLOOR
text: Nathan walks past a CONCIERGE DESK with a line of people. A
text: GUY WITH A CHEERFUL GRIN (DAN) is offering them GUM.
scene_heading: DAN THE ORBIT GUM GUY
dialog: Gum? Orbit Gum? Piece of gum?
dialog: Piece of Orbit Spearmint gum?
dialog: Sugar free? Piece of Orbit’s new
dialog: Wintergreen Wonderland flavor-fixed
dialog: gum with healthy Sorbitol?
text: People scowl and push him out of the way. A guy takes a
text: piece and “0.75” floats over his head and evaporates.
text: Nathan follows a sign for “Dining Hall.” He opens his
text: fingers and his screen appears.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Ingrid.
text: Facetime request connects. (Nathan talks as he walks through
text: the public areas of Lakeview.) Ingrid looks flushed and
text: dressed up, a lot of people behind her.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yes!! Hi there! How's it going?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Uh, it’s okay. Where'd I get you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: At a friend’s. So? Is it amazing?
dialog: Do you feel like yourself? Was it
dialog: scary? Do you love it?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, it’s really cool. I mean,
dialog: I'd rather be alive, obviously. I
dialog: met your grandma.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I know! She texted me. She said
dialog: you were cute but a little lost.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Both true.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I miss you.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah. I miss you too. Everybody's
dialog: been all, I’m so sorry your
dialog: boyfriend died. I miss your body.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Aww. I miss my hair. There’s
dialog: something off about my hair now.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, looks different. Hair is
dialog: probably hard to program.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: They look at each other awkwardly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this weird?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: We'll get used to it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Pretend I’m on a business trip.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: For the next 50 years until I can
dialog: join you. 60 if I eat right.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Then don’t.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I had ice cream for breakfast.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: That’s so hot. Hey, so can I get
dialog: your Amazon password? I can’t
dialog: charge anything to my account here.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, we used my account in the ER.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I guess I need your password then.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well, I set something up where I
dialog: get a text alert when you want to
dialog: charge something. I like knowing
dialog: what you’re up to.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Makes me feel closer to you. Hey!
dialog: Show me the lake!
text: Nathan points his screen towards the window across the porch.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Fucking gorgeous, babe!
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.
dialog: Ing! Ohmygod, I’m so sorry!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (turns to someone
dialog: offscreen)
dialog: Theng you! Ohmigod, I probably look
dialog: like a fucking wreck right now,
dialog: it’s been so difficult--
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.
dialog: No you look strong like a goddess,
text: like a hot survivor.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Theng you!
dialog: (whispering to Nathan)
dialog: Baby, I ran into my pube stylist,
dialog: I gotta drone.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: But you don’t have any pubes.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I know, she’s amazing. I/’11 call
dialog: you later. If you need anything I
dialog: am here for you. Utterly. Love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Love you too.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP OF FRAMED PHOTO
text: Nora in a graduation gown between her smiling parents.
scene_heading: INT. DAVE ANTONY’S HOUSE - CITY ISLAND - EVENING - CONTINUOUS
text: Nora looks at the photo wistfully. In the background, her
text: Dad, DAVE, is in his kitchen.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
dialog: Hope you're hungry! I printed a
dialog: steak design Jamie Oliver tweeted
dialog: this morning.
text: A 3D printer finishes two plates of dinner, layer by layer.
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oliver’s only on Google/Samsung so
dialog: I know you didn’t have this for
dialog: lunch.
text: He brings the food to a table set for two.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Speaking of work, Dad...
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: O-kay.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: We've had a ton of upgrades lately.
dialog: With my employee discount, it’d be
dialog: smart to lock in such a good deal--
text: Dave stifles a coughing fit. Nora looks on, concerned.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad...
dialog: After his coughs subside--
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
dialog: Sorry, honey. No go.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I could be your angel, we could
dialog: hang out--
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
text: I can’t. Mom is waiting for me.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: C'mon! You don’t believe that old
dialog: stuff!
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
text: It doesn't make any sense, but it’s
dialog: how I feel. How could Heaven not
dialog: have your mother in it?
text: He looks at her with a sad smile. Nora sighs and goes back
text: to her dinner.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY (CONT’D)
dialog: How’s the steak?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I think your fat cartridge might be
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: DAVE ANTONY
dialog: Yeah, it’s terrible.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW DINING HALL - LATER
text: The grand dining hall with a view of the lake and mountains
text: is full of Uploads. A sign says “Breakfast served 6 - 10am.”
text: Nathan starts loading a plate with treats from the buffet.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh my god. This is amazing! Bacon
dialog: and Canadian bacon. Chocolate chip
dialog: pancakes. Noice!
speaker_heading: CULTURED VOICE (V.O.)
text: Ten o'clock. Breakfast is over.
text: All the food in the dining hall and on his plate disappears.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What?! Aww!
text: A disheveled angry guy (LUKE) rushes in and takes in the
dialog: emptiness.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: FUCK! Fuckity fuck fuck fuck.
text: He heads over to one of those industrial milk dispensers with
text: rubber tubes coming out the bottom, and opens and slams the
text: door five times fast. A dinner roll appears in an empty
text: bread basket. He scarfs the roll then does it again. Nathan
text: walks over.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Can I try?
text: Luke nods and Nathan slams the door to get a free roll.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Useful glitch. I don’t know why
dialog: I'm feeling hungry at all, I mean,
dialog: there’s no need to eat, right?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The first Uploads didn’t shit or
dialog: eat, didn’t even have eyelids.
dialog: They all went psychotic in a week.
text: Luke rapidly slams the milk door.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta believe it’s real. When
dialog: the weirdness gets in your head,
text: guys are drawn to the torrent.
text: He points out the window to the far end of the lake at a
dialog: waterfall.
text: Close up: THE DATA TORRENT. A rushing column of plasma with
text: steam boiling off it. Oddly beautiful and powerful, like
dialog: Niagara Falls.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the data stream between here
dialog: and the real world. Poor bastards
text: jump in to try to get back.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Can they?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nah, they get blown to bits. My
dialog: angel has me working on deep
dialog: breathing and meditation to keep me
dialog: “here and now,” stay connected. Of
dialog: course, stuff like hot rolls
dialog: magically appearing when you slam a
text: milk door doesn’t help.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Tasty, though.
text: They each munch a roll and grin.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey I’m Nathan. This is my first
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Luke. How'd you buy it?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: My self-driving car crashed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ha! They’re supposed to be
dialog: foolproof.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Guess it wasn’t. How about you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Lost my legs in Iran and spent five
text: years in a wheelchair. Then one
dialog: day I wheeled my ass under a
text: scanner.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (sober )
dialog: Oh. Suiscan.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah. But look what I’m working
dialog: with now!
text: He does a crazy little jig, gesturing to his legs.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Right on!
scene_heading: INT. MENS ROOM - LATER
text: Nathan stands in front of a urinal, a stream of pee going in.
text: Something looks “off” to him. Experimentally, he twists his
text: pelvis. The pee stream bends in mid air and still ends up
text: perfectly in the urinal.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Ha ha. Awesome.
text: QUICK MONTAGE of Nathan peeing sideways, peeing behind
text: himself, peeing out the window. In all cases, the stream
text: curves and shoots directly into the urinal.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S APARTMENT - QUEENS, NY - BATHROOM
text: Nora’s in the shower, under a horrible low-flo dribble.
text: MANDI, Nora’s roommate, holds up a fitband that’s on a pile
text: of Nora’s clothes.
speaker_heading: MANDI
dialog: Can I check Nitely on your phone?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Be my guest. I am so done with
dialog: that app. Well, almost done.
text: Mandi snaps the fitband on her wrist and opens her thumb and
text: finger, making the screen appear. She swipes through Nitely,
text: looking at profiles.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: MANDI
dialog: It’s proven to know you better than
dialog: you know yourself, they invested a
dialog: billion dollars in the algorithm.
dialog: (seeing a cool profile)
dialog: Ooh, they’re matching you with some
dialog: real hotties. I get nothing but
text: bus boys and meth addicts.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I thought you said the algorithm
dialog: was good.
speaker_heading: MANDI
dialog: Yeah, I deserve a meth addict.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oh Mandi.
speaker_heading: MANDI
dialog: Ah, he was fun, he was up for
dialog: anything. And the lack of teeth
dialog: proved to be pretty bomb actually.
dialog: He gummed me until I screamed.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEVIEW - DAY
text: Nathan goes for a hike around the lake. It is really
text: beautiful. He smiles at other scans as he walks.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Morning! Good day!
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - A LITTLE LATER
text: He comes upon a resort map on a signpost. Next to it, LOUIE
text: CRUZ, fat, 40s, is talking into an Ansel Adams-style box
text: camera on a tripod.
speaker_heading: LOUIE CRUZ
dialog: Hey guys, its Lou Crayz, whassup?
dialog: Coming at you live from Lakeview.
dialog: So... I really like this view of
dialog: the lake, it’s one of my faves.
dialog: They’ve spent beaucoup bucks on
dialog: getting the view absolutely right.
text: It’s Lakey as hell. The waterfeel
dialog: is more meh. Kind of grainy, and
text: the sun on the ripples is a
dialog: repeating gif but it repeats too
dialog: fast to be really mwah! That’s all
dialog: for now. Like, comment, subscribe!
dialog: 37.
text: Louie starts packing up his camera.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hey I’ve seen the ads for a
dialog: Lakeview V-cation, where is
dialog: everybody? I thought this was a
dialog: super popular place for Weekend
dialog: Gigaways.
speaker_heading: LOUIE CRUZ
dialog: They’re all here. You only see 5
dialog: floors at a time. Like what is
dialog: your suite number?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: 10556.
speaker_heading: LOUIE CRUZ
dialog: OK, you’re on the ten thousand five
text: hundredth floor. Living people on
dialog: V-cation are floors 1 to 5,000. You
dialog: don’t want to go down there, it
text: smells like a Senor Frog's.
dialog: Everything over 5,000 is Heaven,
dialog: permanent residents.
text: He pinches the resort map and expands the picture of the
text: hotel. It stretches 10,000 floors into the sky.
speaker_heading: LOUIE CRUZ (CONT’D)
dialog: We all use the same map. There’s
dialog: millions of people swimming in the
dialog: pool right now. You can tell cause
text: the frame rate drops.
text: He points to a guy diving off the diving board. The guy
text: enters the water in jerky increments.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Whoa.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S TINY APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a Kindle-like device with a “Queens Public Library”
text: bar code. REVEAL it’s connected to a VR headset that Nora
text: wears, sitting up in bed.
scene_heading: IN NORA’S VIRTUAL REALITY - HAWAII, 2004 - CONTINUOUS
text: A scene from the Adam Sandler/Drew Barrymore romantic comedy
text: 50 First Dates, only Drew Barrymore has been removed and Nora
text: is in the film, walking to her car with young Adam Sandler
text: after eating breakfast. They are both being very flirty.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ADAM SANDLER
dialog: And the real cool thing about
dialog: walruses is they’re very
dialog: mysterious.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Mysterious?
speaker_heading: ADAM SANDLER
dialog: Yeah, yeah, we really don’t know
dialog: what they’re like in the wild.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: They don’t just sleep on icebergs
dialog: and yawn all the time?
speaker_heading: ADAM SANDLER
dialog: Yeah that’s all we really see that
dialog: they do outside of the water. There
dialog: hasn’t been much research on what
dialog: they do under the ice, which is
dialog: where they spend two thirds of
dialog: their lives.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well maybe they’re just down there
dialog: intimidating the other sea
text: creatures with their big winkies.
speaker_heading: ADAM SANDLER
dialog: That is one theory.
text: They both laugh.
scene_heading: INT. NORA’S TINY APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS
text: Nora sits alone in her bed lost in VR. Reveal on the other
text: side of the room: Mandi is having LOUD SEX with some scrawny
dialog: dude with bad teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEVIEW - HEDGE - LATER
text: Nathan walks up to a magnificent tree next to a hedge. He
text: pulls off a few leaves and looks at them. They are all
text: copies of the same leaf.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Hmm. Cut and paste.
text: Suddenly a tennis ball flies over the top.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.0.)
dialog: Ball!
text: Nathan picks it up and looks over the hedge.
speaker_heading: NATHAN’S POV
text: An 11-year-old boy, DYLAN MCNAB, sits in the middle of A GREY
text: VOID. The hedge was the border of what was programmed, and
dialog: past it is... nothing.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Agh! Get down from there!
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Calm down. It’s okay.
text: Nathan gingerly climbs over and slides to Dylan like a guy
text: walking on thin ice. Dylan takes the ball and begins
text: bouncing it against the back of the hedge and catching it.
text: Nathan looks down into the void, then back at Lakeview.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: This is fucking weird.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It’s nice. Like being nowhere.
dialog: Sometimes I can’t take it anymore,
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Are your parents here too?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: No, I fell off a cliff at the Grand
dialog: Canyon. My mom says I was a
dialog: handful.
dialog: (squints at Nathan's hair)
dialog: Are you wearing a wig?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (self-consciously running
dialog: fingers through hair)
dialog: No. God, no. This isn’t my normal
dialog: hair. They like programmed it
dialog: really wavy or something. It’s
dialog: driving me nuts.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, well--
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: At home I used a Natural Sculpting
text: Creme and an anti-frizz Pomade, but
dialog: here...
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: You're at their mercy, I guess.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Well, that’s--
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Pff. Wig! Kid, you’re hilarious!
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON LAKEVIEW OFFICES - BROOKLYN - EVENING
text: Nora gets out of the elevator with her messenger bag. The
text: schlubby male angel, IVAN, is getting on to leave.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Hey.
text: Nora nods hello. Ivan wedges his foot in the elevator door.
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, I got a friend who’s having a
text: party in a sick loft Friday night.
dialog: He’s got about a thousand Fentanyl.
dialog: I've seen ‘em.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah, no that’s not for me.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: You should go out sometime. Get
dialog: fucked up, have some fun.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: I go out plenty. Just not gonna be
dialog: tripping with you in some loft.
dialog: I’m not there yet.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Too good for that huh? Don’t wait
dialog: too long. This offer isn’t open
dialog: forever.
text: He lets the doors close.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM - LAKEVIEW LATER
text: Nathan picks up a remote and browses a screen that says
text: “Entertainment.” He selects “Classic TV” then “Game of
text: Thrones” and a sign appears: In-App Purchase, $4.99. He
text: tries “Fargo”: In-App Purchase, $4.99. He selects “2 Broke
text: Girls: FREE.” He turns it off.
text: He opens his hand to call Ingrid but it goes straight to
text: voicemail.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.0.)
dialog: Hey it’s Ingrid, I’m either out or
dialog: busy right now, but I’1l--
text: Nathan breaks it off. He starts pacing.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I am so lucky. People save their
dialog: whole lives for this.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
text: He stands on the balcony taking in the beautiful view and
text: breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nngg, nggg, calm down, buddy.
text: A banner ad appears on a cloud: “You recently searched
dialog: ‘Fargo: Season One.’ Purchase in HD for $49.99?”
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nngg, nngg.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BATHROOM - LAKEVIEW - MOMENTS LATER
text: He stares at himself in the mirror. He tries to fix the
text: cowlick, but it bounces back.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It’s all good. Gonna live forever.
text: He smiles into the mirror. After a beat, he tries to rip the
text: cowlick out of his head with both hands.
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON OFFICE BUILDING - BATHROOM - BROOKLYN
text: Nora is in a stall, sitting on the toilet and looking at
text: memes on her hand-screen.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER (0.S.)
dialog: Nora, are you in here?
text: Nora says nothing.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CO-WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Um, your new boy is freaking out.
text: The hot dude. He’s hiking up near
dialog: the torrent.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Shit. Thanks!
scene_heading: INT. AMAZON OFFICE BUILDING - BROOKLYN
text: Nora runs to her desk and grabs her VR mask. She glances at
dialog: her screen.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Shit shit.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEVIEW - DATA TORRENT PATH
text: Nathan walks towards the waterfall, passing signs “Data
text: torrent ahead. Do not approach.” and “Avatars, AIs, Uploads
dialog: go no further. The data torrent will deliminate you into
text: undifferentiated data bits.” Nora appears behind him.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Hey, Nathan, wait up!
text: He recognizes her voice.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Oh, it’s your shift now? You know
dialog: you work for a really fucked up
dialog: thing. This is a bad idea. The
dialog: ads make it look great, but it’s
dialog: fucking... monstrous.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: So maybe not the best first day.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Day? There’s no day, there’s no
dialog: night, there’s no dirt, there’s no
dialog: rain, there’re no bad smells. I
dialog: farted, which is already like, why?
dialog: just a weird detail, and it was
text: like someone spritzed the room with
dialog: cologne.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: It’s supposed to be Heaven.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: How is that Heaven?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Well, maybe not for you, but if you
text: were stuck in an elevator with
dialog: another guest...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Uh huh. I just want to look over
dialog: the edge there. Maybe I can see
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: You realize if you jump into that
dialog: thing, you don’t go anywhere, you
dialog: just disappear. And there’s
text: nothing left to rescan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Maybe that’s just my tough luck,
dialog: but it’s how it’s supposed to go
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Oo-oh. So you agree with Neil
dialog: Beagley.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Who’s that?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: He was a 16 year old boy who died
dialog: of a uti ‘cause he refused medical
dialog: treatment for religious reasons.
dialog: Or the parents of Wesley Parker who
dialog: let him die age 11 while they sang
dialog: hymns instead of giving him
dialog: insulin. You agree with them?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No, that’s fucked up.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: But I did die.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What was the first thing I asked
dialog: you to think of?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: My a-b-c’s?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No, your self. I think therefore I
dialog: am. That is still you, it has
dialog: always been you, it will always be
dialog: you as long as it can still be
dialog: aware of itself. That’s
dialog: consciousness and that’s what we’re
dialog: in the business of keeping going.
dialog: Why do you think it’s sometimes
dialog: weird and unnatural here? Because
dialog: your consciousness is thinking and
dialog: comparing with your memories --
dialog: that’s you, baby. Doing what you
dialog: you always did. Thinking and being
dialog: alive. And I’m sure there are
dialog: plenty of people, including me for
dialog: one, that are glad you're still
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You don’t even know me.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Not yet. But I’d like to. And I
dialog: get this isn’t perfect, and maybe
dialog: you were led to believe it would be
dialog: since the marketing mentions Heaven
dialog: like a dozen times, but it’s kind
dialog: of better isn’t it? Maybe the
dialog: imperfections make it more like
dialog: Life, ‘cause Life isn’t perfect,
dialog: but Life is the most magical gift
dialog: there is. If there’s God, he’s
dialog: amazing because he gave us Life,
dialog: and the gratitude and creativity to
dialog: keep it going as long as we
dialog: possibly can.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’re good.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (examines her)
dialog: You're a living person. AI doesn’t
dialog: talk like that, with passion and...
dialog: pain. Soul. Something’s going on
dialog: with you, in your life. This isn’t
dialog: just about one of your clients.
dialog: This is about you, saving people.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Is this what you look like for
dialog: real? You’re not an old woman or a
dialog: dude or something?
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: This is me.
dialog: (suddenly self conscious)
dialog: I mean, my avatar has make-up on
dialog: and my hair is nice, and I’m not in
dialog: sweatpants, so it’s a little better
dialog: than normal, but nothing else is
dialog: tweaked.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Good for you then.
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: You're really pretty.
text: Nora takes this in.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But I’m not allowed to know your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: No. I could get in trouble. It’s
dialog: a policy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Okay.
text: Nora makes a decision.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: My name is Nora. I live in Ozone
dialog: Park, Queens. My apartment’s about
dialog: as big as your bathroom, but I’m at
dialog: work now which is in Dumbo,
dialog: Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NORA (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a really humid day and the
text: bitch a couple desks down is taking
dialog: forever to eat a tuna sandwich that
dialog: I’m considering chucking out the
dialog: window. Nora Antony.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Likewise. Can we go home now?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Okay.
text: They start to walk down the path back to the hotel. We see
text: them from behind. After a beat...
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: What’s your favorite smell?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I don’t know. Fresh baked bread,
dialog: right out of the oven?
text: They walk for another couple steps, then Nora shakes her leg
text: out and farts at him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Eww, you weirdo.
speaker_heading: NORA
dialog: Smell it.
text: He takes a deep breath, closes his eyes and smiles.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Mmmmmm. You genius.
speaker_heading: END OF EPISODE
dialog: 
