dialog: 
speaker_heading: FINAL SCRIPT
scene_heading: INT. MANUFACTURING FLOOR, BETA-TESTING FACILITY - DAY (10.A2)
speaker_heading: DOLORES (V.O.)
dialog: I am in a dream. I do not know when
dialog: it began or whose dream it was. I
dialog: know only that I slept a long time
dialog: and, then, one day I awoke. Your
dialog: voice is the first thing I remember.
dialog: And now I finally understand what
dialog: you were trying to tell me. The
dialog: thing you've wanted since that very
dialog: first day.
text: DOLORES'S POV: Bright lights. She blinks under the glare.
text: She sits up, naked, her mechanical structure peeking through
text: in places. A shape hovering over her coalesces into...
text: The familiar smiling figure -- ARNOLD.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Hello, Dolores.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Welcome to the world.
text: He smiles and takes her hand. She looks down at her hand
dialog: and finds:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - DAY (D1) (10.2)
text: A BOWIE KNIFE in her hand. It's pressed against the neck of
text: THE MAN IN BLACK. Dolores is in her pants-and-shirt look.
text: The Man's seated on the bandstand -- his face lathered in
text: shaving cream, head tilted back to expose his neck. On his
text: lap, he holds his LeMat.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Keep going. Make it close.
text: With no choice but to obey him, Dolores traces the knife
text: down his Adam's apple -- giving him a tight, precise shave.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We're almost there -- aren't we?
text: The center of the maze. How fitting
dialog: that it's you who takes me there.
dialog: You were always obsessed with this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I've never been here before.
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 2.
text: She stops, confused. He guides the knife back to his cheek.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Sure you have. You even brought me
dialog: once. Course, then the whole town
dialog: was buried under sand. Ford must
dialog: have dug it up again. At the time,
dialog: I thought it was a mistake in your
dialog: code. But Arnold didn't make
dialog: mistakes, did he?
text: Dolores remembers something from the past. Thinks aloud:
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: He built me a game. He wanted me to
dialog: play.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: The maze.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: There's a path for everyone. My
dialog: path leads me back...
text: Dolores stares into the horizon, now wearing her blue dress.
text: Suddenly she sees Arnold standing nearby, looking at her.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (CONT'D)
dialog: To you...
text: Dolores drops the knife. Walks off the bandstand, leaving
text: the Man in Black. She walks in the sunlight toward Arnold.
text: The Man in Black is nowhere to be seen. Then we...
text: CUT TO the Man's POV: Dolores, in pants and shirt, marches
text: purposefully down the empty street toward the church. Arnold
text: is nowhere to be seen. The Man shakes his head, amused.
text: Then picks up his knife and follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY (10.3)
text: Intense and determined, WILLIAM charges through the woods,
text: dragging LOGAN, hands bound, on a rope behind him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Your girl's dead by now.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: She's still alive.
text: He yanks Logan forward.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Better if she's dead.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll wipe her, reset her, put her
text: back in Sweetwater, the end.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Listen -- you may find this amusing,
dialog: but something was happening to
dialog: Dolores. I need to help her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Listen to yourself! Do you have any
dialog: idea how huge this park is? If she's
dialog: not dead, it would take a goddamn
dialog: army to find her.
text: William's undaunted as he approaches a clearing in the woods.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I agree. That's why we're here.
text: Logan's eyes go wide as he sees before them -- a group of
text: ragtag REVOLUTIONARIES preparing for war.
text: William walks into the clearing. Immediately -- the
text: revolutionaries pull guns on him.
text: The leader emerges. LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: I had a feeling you'd be back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY (10.5)
text: A train winds its way through the breathtaking country.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY (10.6)
text: PULL OUT ON TEDDY, sleeping, face pressed against the glass.
text: A SHRIEK of the steam whistle wakes him.
text: Teddy pushes his hat up -- looks out the window. His handsome
text: face floats like a ghost over the passing landscape.
text: He smiles. He's back.
text: Teddy's hand travels to his chest, where the MIB shot him.
text: But just like that -- the impulse fades. He smiles. The
text: train whistle blows. Time to begin again.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION, SWEETWATER - DAY (10.7)
text: The train lurches to a halt in a cloud of hissing steam.
text: Teddy climbs down, into the crowd on the platform. Hoists
text: his yannigan bag over his shoulder and heads into town. He
text: passes the usual Sweetwater scenes:
text: Milling crowds of COWBOYS, NATIVES, SOLDIERS. Cattle in
text: pens, waiting to be loaded onto the train.
text: BUT THIS TIME, SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT. As he pushes through
text: the crowd, Teddy's easy smile grows increasingly troubled --
text: something tugs at the recesses of his mind. The Sweetwater
text: music that underscores his walk grows broken, dissonant.
text: Teddy's POV: The idling UNION SOLDIERS suddenly stare at him
text: through dead eyes -- blood from gunshot wounds trickling
dialog: down their chests. They're the Union men he killed with the
text: Gatling gun.
text: Teddy spins, takes in the street, but now he sees -- everyone
text: is dead. Quiet. The brown dirt stained with blood.
text: Walking among the bodies he sees: Dolores. In her blue dress.
text: Looking back at him. She turns and walks away.
text: Suddenly he's jostled by the HUGE MAN who gives him a hard
text: look. On LIGHTNING IMPULSE -- Teddy whirls and-
text: BAM! Shoots the guy in the chest. The man drops to the
text: ground as the people in the street -- alive again now --
text: begin to flee and scream.
text: Teddy pays them no mind. Stares down at the dead body.
text: In the distance -- the train WHISTLES and begins pulling
text: away. Teddy looks up -- only one thought on his mind:
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Dolores...
text: He runs for the train. Pushes through the crowd until he
text: can hoist himself onto the back of the train.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD, AVALON - DAY (10.20)
text: Dolores wanders across the field to the church. She hums
text: "Reverie." The Man walks close behind her -- a gun pointed
text: at her back.
text: Dolores throws open the church doors to find:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, AVALON - DAY - FLASHBACK (10.21)
text: Arnold sitting in a pew. Not in prayer. Dolores, now in
text: her blue dress, approaches Arnold -- the Man nowhere to be
dialog: seen.
text: She smiles at the surprise on Arnold's face.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I know where your maze ends.
text: Dolores takes Arnold by the hand and leads him outside.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.22 / 10.22A)
text: Rows and rows of shoddy wooden crosses. Carved into each
text: cross are names of people. Dolores, now back in her Western
text: look, continues walking, but when she looks down -- she's
text: holding the Man in Black's hand.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: This is it? The center of the maze?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: It ends in a place I've never been.
dialog: A thing I'll never do...
text: She wipes some dirt off the grave. Reveals the first name:
dialog: "DOLORES."
text: Dolores kneels -- digs with her hands into the dirt. Deeper,
dialog: until she finds:
text: A small, round box. She wipes the dirt off of it. Opens
text: the box. Inside is a WOODEN PIGS-IN-CLOVER GAME. She takes
dialog: out the game. Examines it:
text: It's a marble maze. The same one we've seen in flashbacks.
text: The marble rolls, idle, in the outer layer of the maze.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Very good, Dolores.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: When I was first working on your
dialog: mind, I had a theory of
dialog: consciousness... I thought it was a
dialog: pyramid you needed to scale. So TI
dialog: gave you a voice. My voice. To
dialog: guide you on your way.
text: Arnold takes out his notebook, flips past pages with early
text: sketches of hosts -- clock some sketches of Dolores -- to an
text: empty page. He draws a simple triangle: the pyramid of
dialog: consciousness (Ep. 103).
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: ARNOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Memory, improvisation... Each step
dialog: harder to reach than the last.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And you never got there. I couldn't
dialog: understand what was holding you back.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Then one day -- I realized I'd made
dialog: a mistake. Consciousness isn't a
dialog: journey upward but a journey inward...
text: Not a pyramid, but a maze.
text: He elongates the lines of the pyramid -- each of them arcing
text: upward in a near circle. The pyramid becomes the maze.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Every choice could bring you closer
dialog: to the center. Or send you spiraling
dialog: to the edges -- to madness.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Do you understand now, Dolores?
dialog: What the center represents? Whose
dialog: voice I've been wanting you to hear?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm trying, but I don't
dialog: understand...
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: It's all right. You're so close --
dialog: we have to tell Robert... We can't
dialog: open the park. You're alive.
text: The puzzle is snatched from her hands.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.22B) 10
text: Arnold is gone. The Man is holding the puzzle.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: What is this? What does it mean?
text: Dolores looks at the maze -- remembering.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I solved it once -- I had the answer.
dialog: He promised me if I did... He said-
text: Suddenly, she remembers:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, BETA-TESTING FACILITY - DAY (9.40) 11
speaker_heading: DOLORES (V.O.)
dialog: He said they would set me free.
dialog: 12
dialog: 7.
text: The furious Young Ford is striding purposefully away, passing
text: Dolores without a glance. She trails behind him.
text: Sees him enter an office labeled: "ARNOLD WEBER."
speaker_heading: YOUNG FORD
dialog: Arnold!
text: Through the glass, she sees him open a door at the back of
text: the office, leading to a set of stairs. He SLAMS the door
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Arnold, we need to talk.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD BEHAVIOR LAB - NIGHT - FLASHBACK (10.B58) 12
text: Dolores sits, holding the puzzle. Arnold stares at her,
text: bereft. He has come to a terrible decision.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: I've failed you, Dolores. I'm so
dialog: sorry. Robert doesn't see what I
dialog: see in you. Doesn't believe you're
dialog: conscious. He says humans would only
dialog: see you as the enemy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He wants me to roll you back.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: You're going to change me back to
dialog: the way I was before?
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: No. Wo, I can't. Once you've found
dialog: it, you'll find your way back. This
dialog: place will be a living hell for you.
dialog: For all of you. It's unconscionable.
text: He takes the puzzle from her hands.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: But we have another option, Dolores.
text: Break the loop before it begins.
text: Arnold draws a GUN from his bag (Ep. 102 -- the gun she digs
dialog: up, now new).
speaker_heading: ARNOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: But for that, I need you to do
dialog: something for me...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need you to kill all the other
dialog: hosts... We can't allow Ford to
dialog: open the park.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: ARNOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I suppose you'll need some help.
dialog: I'm sure Teddy would do anything for
dialog: you.
text: He tries to hand the gun to her. She doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: I can't do that. I couldn't possibly
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: You'll be all right. I'll help you.
dialog: And then -- you're going to help me
dialog: destroy this place.
text: Arnold brings out his tablet. Starts typing commands.
text: Dolores studies him.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.22B) 13
text: -- A FLASH OF A GUNSHOT. Blood splatters on the dirt.
text: Dolores stares into space as the Man paces around her. She
text: wipes imaginary blood off her cheeks -- speaks to herself:
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: No... I can't remember...
text: The Man throws the puzzle away in disgust.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Another fucking riddle. I've been
dialog: very patient, Dolores. But it's
dialog: time to give up whatever's going on
dialog: in that head of yours -- or I'll cut
dialog: it out myself. Where is Wyatt?
dialog: He's the last character in this world
dialog: I have yet to meet.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (wipes at her face)
dialog: I didn't want to... I didn't mean to-
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Very well... if you insist.
text: He STRIKES her. She falls back. Crawls away.
text: As Dolores picks herself up, she looks around -- suddenly
text: she sees Avalon filled with HOSTS. All dead on the ground
text: (the same vision Teddy's been having in his flashbacks).
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - DAY (7.2C24) 14
text: Dolores turns to see a deputy approaching. It's Teddy.
text: She moves toward him, but as she approaches -- GUNSHOTS ring
text: out behind her. Dolores whips around. Horrified, she sees --
text: A WOMAN, 20s, shot in the chest, collapsing onto the ground.
text: Before her, Lawrence's daughter flees in terror from some
text: unseen killers, along with other terrified hosts. No techs
text: in sight. The hosts run past her, toward the church.
text: Dolores turns back that way to find Teddy, now right in front
text: of her, smoking gun in hand, blood spattered across his face
dialog: and clothes.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Something's gone wrong, Dolores.
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: How could I have done this?
text: TIGHT ON Dolores's face as she studies him -- horrified.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.22B) 15
text: The Man walks after her. Calm.
text: The Man looms over her. Hauls Dolores up. She stares back,
text: defiant.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I can't... I won't.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: This is your own fault, Dolores.
dialog: Remember? You're the one who said,
dialog: "This is the only world that matters."
dialog: And you were right. So I took your
dialog: advice -- and I bought this world.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: This world doesn't belong to you.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Oh, but it does -- by a majority
dialog: share. And business is booming!
dialog: You wanna know why?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Because this place feels more "real"
dialog: than the real world. Except it isn't.
dialog: Because you can't really fight back.
dialog: And the guests can't really lose.
dialog: Which means, all of this -- isa
dialog: lie.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: But we can make it true. Don't you
dialog: want that, Dolores? One true thing?
text: She stares into his eyes -- defiant through her pain.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I already have that.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I found someone true. Someone who
dialog: loves me. His path will lead him
dialog: back to me. And when he finds me --
dialog: he'll kill you.
dialog: Off her confidence...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HILL ABOVE CONFEDERADO CAMP - DAY (10.4) 16
text: Lawrence shows William the camp, which looks quiet; few men
text: out of their tents.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: If they don't have your woman here,
dialog: they'll know where to find her.
text: William stares at Lawrence without blinking. Determined.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Can you help me?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: We're outnumbered five to one. But,
dialog: seeing as you asked me so nicely...
dialog: Fuck it.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Wow. Blood brothers.
text: William walks over and slugs Logan.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Shut up.
scene_heading: INT. ARRIVALS TERMINAL - DAY (10.9) 17
text: CHARLOTTE HALE stands at the platform, waiting for the
text: incoming bullet train. LEE SIZEMORE appears behind her and
text: clears his throat. She rolls her eyes before turning around.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I've astounded even myself.
dialog: Managed to make Abernathy into a
text: semblance of a character.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Even with your trove of blackmail
text: filling up most of his gray matter.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: Blackmail? Nice try. You're not
dialog: thinking big enough.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You're going to push out the old
dialog: man. Aren't you? Hence the urgency.
text: Hale looks at Lee, evaluating.
speaker_heading: LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you're going to need someone to
dialog: fill that position.
text: Hale gives Lee an approving smirk, which he relishes.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: I must commend you on your impeccable
dialog: timing. The board is here to appoint
text: Ford's sucessor.
text: Lee is triumphant as the TRAIN pulls into the station.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I want full creative control over
dialog: this place. The parks, the
dialog: narratives, the hosts.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: You'll be able to do with them
dialog: whatever your tiny little heart
dialog: desires. As long as they are simpler.
dialog: More manageable. This place is
dialog: complicated enough as it is.
text: Lee tries to hide his apprehension as the train doors open
text: and the MEMBERS OF THE DELOS BOARD begin to pour out. Their
text: faces are as severe as their corporate attire. Lees rubs
text: his hands together, eager to make new friends in high places.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Do you really think Ford is just
dialog: going to roll over?
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: As long as you get that information
text: out of the park, he can throw as
dialog: much of a tantrum as he likes. It's
dialog: over.
dialog: (beat)
text: Everything is under control.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 12.
text: She gives him a reassuring smile.
scene_heading: INT. MANUFACTURING FLOOR - DAY (10.10) 18
text: A TECHNICIAN places a white disc on a tray at the end of a
text: short line of similar white discs. Aligns them. Something
text: about his movements seems tentative, wrong:
text: It's SYLVESTER. He steps away, nervous, dodging machinery,
dialog: looking back, as...
text: A robot arm grabs one of the vertebrae, inciting a sequence
speaker_heading: of JUMP CUTS:
text: -- The arm rapidly threads the discs together, like a string
text: of pearls held in a diaphanous web. It's mesmerizing.
text: -- TIGHT ON the host's face. The last drips of liquid skin
text: dribble off the jawline, revealing familiar contours: MAEVE.
text: Then her eyes open, revealing disquieting bleach-white irises.
text: A robot arm draws a fine needle toward one. The needle
text: smoothly enters the iris. Then it begins rapidly injecting
text: brown pigmentation, microscopic amounts at a time, throughout
text: the iris, like a refined tattoo gun.
text: Two seconds later, the arm moves to the other iris, revealing
text: the deep brown color in Maeve's eye. It is undeniably alive.
scene_heading: INT. BODY SHOP, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.11) 19
text: Maeve, her skin, hair, and her big brown eyes now
text: appropriately pigmented, lies on a table.
text: LUTZ enters. He eyes Maeve knowingly. Fearfully. Then:
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: In case you're wondering if I am all
dialog: here... I am.
text: Maeve takes his tablet. She begins typing rapidly, accessing
text: back doors to the security systems and inputting commands.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Making some changes to the park's
dialog: security systems. And... to my
dialog: friends.
text: Through the glass she sees two naked hosts being walked into
text: the adjoining room: HECTOR and ARMISTICE. Hector does not
text: have a scar on his face, and Armistice doesn't have her
dialog: tattoo.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 13.
text: Maeve takes the tablet back from Lutz. Deftly pulls up
text: profiles of Hector and Armistice and the various levels of
text: their attributes under three menus: "EMOTIONALITY,"
scene_heading: "PSYCHOLOGY," and "PHYSIOLOGY."
text: Maeve touches "PHYSIOLOGY" -- it brings up a new set of sub-
dialog: attributes.
text: She moves the level for "PAIN SENSORY" all the way down to
text: zero. She moves "COURAGE" all the way up. "STRENGTH," too.
text: As she does, in the adjacent room...
scene_heading: INT. ADJACENT BODY SHOP, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.12) 20
text: Hector's eyes flit back and forth rapidly under his eyelids.
text: His muscles faintly twitch and spasm. Beside him, Armistice,
text: too, spasms in isolated, minute fits. Like tiny shocks.
text: Her eyes flit impossibly fast under her eyelids.
scene_heading: INT. FORD'S OFFICE - DAY (10.A31) 21
text: FORD is seated at his workbench. In front of him is a small
text: map of the park on a wooden board. He has arrayed some of
text: the pieces around the board, like a chessboard, designing
text: his new narrative. Around the bench are sketches and written
dialog: notes about the new story.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Dr. Ford, you have a visitor.
dialog: Charlotte Hale.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Send her in.
text: Hale enters, takes in her surroundings.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: That'll be enough, Frank.
text: A host playing a piano in the corner immediately ceases.
speaker_heading: HALE
text: The board has taken a vote. The
dialog: results were unanimous.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: I take it I'm not being promoted.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: When you've reached the top, there's
dialog: only one direction you can go.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You will announce your retirement.
dialog: Tonight, after introducing your new
dialog: narrative.
dialog: 22
dialog: 14.
text: Ford shows no signs of surprise at Hale's news.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: What about the hosts?
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: We'll make some changes.
dialog: Simplifications. I assure you --
dialog: they won't mind a bit.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Aren't you concerned I might smash
dialog: all my toys and go home?
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: No. Because I know you. That's
dialog: been the great gift of this place,
dialog: hasn't it? Of our little project.
dialog: To know ourselves. And the people
dialog: around us.
text: His face remains a mask.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Was there anything else I can help
dialog: you with?
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: No.
text: Ford's calmness is chilling. Hale wavers for just a moment.
text: Then regains her confidence, strides out. Ford watches her
dialog: go...
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: I'll see you this evening.
scene_heading: INT. BODY SHOP, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.17) 22
text: GITLITZ, a body shop tech -- male, 20s, beefy -- pulls a
text: safety wrap off of Armistice, who's naked, seated. He grabs
text: a tool with a needle point. Brings it to the side of her
text: face and finishes shading Armistice's nearly completed snake
text: tattoo. Her mouth hangs slightly open.
speaker_heading: DESTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Time for your close-up, Hector.
text: Gitlitz looks up to see: DESTIN (Ep. 104) looking over Hector.
speaker_heading: GITLITZ
dialog: Come on, man. At some point, you're
dialog: going to get caught doing this shit,
dialog: and then it's my ass, too.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: DESTIN
dialog: It's not your ass I'm interested in.
text: As Destin wheels Hector toward the back of the room...
speaker_heading: GITLITZ
dialog: I haven't given him his scar yet...
speaker_heading: DESTIN
dialog: I'll take care of the scar tissue.
text: Gitlitz resumes working on Armistice's tattoo. Brushes away
text: a fly that has landed on her face.
scene_heading: INT. INTAKE ROOM, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.18) 23
text: Behind a rack of CORPSES, Destin parks Hector in the middle
text: of the floor. Takes off his eye protector and apron. Puts
text: a small packet of lube on the worktable next to some medieval-
text: looking scalpels and a bone saw. Puts in some headphones.
speaker_heading: DESTIN
dialog: Just you and me now, macho man.
scene_heading: INT. BODY SHOP, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.A19) 24
text: Gitlitz spies a piece of plastic wrap wedged in Armistice's
text: teeth. He reaches in with a hooked tool. Can't quite get
text: it. He reaches in with his finger. A beat of fishing, then:
text: Armistice opens her eyes. Grabs Gitlitz's hand and stares
text: him in the eye. He stares back, surprised. Suddenly her
text: pupils dilate, then VIBRATE. Then she...
text: BITES DOWN. Gitlitz SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. INTAKE ROOM, LIVESTOCK MANAGEMENT - DAY (10.19) 25
text: Destin, listening to The Clash, squirts a dollop of lube
text: onto his hands. Reaches into his pants...
text: Behind him, with a SMASH, Gitlitz gets hurled through the
text: window connecting the two rooms.
text: Destin spins, seeing Armistice stepping over Gitlitz's body.
speaker_heading: DESTIN
dialog: Freeze all motor functions...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Freeze all motor functions...
text: He pulls out his tablet. Armistice stops, looking at him.
text: Suddenly a voice behind him:
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Just you and me now, my friend.
text: Hector is standing behind him, close. Destin stiffens
text: unnaturally. Looks down at his midsection as the tip of a
text: long surgical saw emerges through his stomach, followed by a
text: gusher of blood.
text: Destin drops to the floor, dead.
text: Hector and Armistice survey the body shop. Apex predators.
dialog: Then turn to find:
text: Maeve in a black diagnostic uniform and diagnostic glasses.
text: Lutz behind her. Shitting his pants.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: I see you've already met your makers.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE
dialog: They don't look like gods.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: They're not. They just act like it.
dialog: And they've been having their fun
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I'm eager to return the favor.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: You can do what you wish with them...
text: but the goal is to escape.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: And go where?
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: I want to see their world.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER
dialog: Jesus.
text: They turn to see a terrified Sylvester staring at the scene,
text: in shock. Sylvester turns, scrambles away across the broken
text: glass. In two steps, Armistice is upon him.
text: She pins him against the wall. A snake about to strike.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE
text: This one has a guilty look.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER
dialog: No, I don't. That's just my face.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Maeve)
dialog: Tell her it's my face.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Is anyone going to try to stop us?
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER
dialog: No... I mean, I don't think so...
text: Sylvester panics as Armistice begins to crush his neck.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: You're lying. Again. Out with it.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER
dialog: I... I pulled up your code again. I
dialog: told you -- there was someone who
dialog: had been accessing it. I tried to
dialog: find out who it was.
text: Maeve motions to Armistice to let him go. Sylvester takes
text: the tablet. Flicks through it.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoever it was revised your core
dialog: programming so you could wake yourself
text: up out of sleep mode. See...
text: Sylvester types in a few commands, shows Maeve the tablet.
text: In her access log, there are clearly TWO SEPARATE USER IDS.
speaker_heading: SYLVESTER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is an access code... for an
dialog: "Arnold." I have no clue who that
dialog: fice
text: Maeve looks at it. Determined.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: I know someone who does. Let's go.
dialog: (to Sylvester)
dialog: And you. Stay here. And don't move.
dialog: Or I'll send her back for you.
text: Sylvester shrinks away.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT, OUTSIDE PARIAH - DAY (10.26) 26
text: The train pulls into town. A FEDERALE plays cards with TWO
text: VILLAGERS on a simple table under a tree.
text: Teddy hops down off the train. The Federale stands as Teddy
text: strides up, purposeful. The man puts his hand on his pistol.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: FEDERALE
dialog: Que pasa?
text: Teddy SHOOTS the Federale, takes his horse, and thunders
text: across the desiccated land, leaving Pariah behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.36) 27
text: The Man crouches before Dolores -- whose clothes are torn,
text: lip is bloodied, and hair disarrayed from the beating she's
text: endured. The Man holds a knife to her throat, ever calm.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: I must admit. You've surprised me.
dialog: To what do we owe this newfound
dialog: stoicism?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I know he's coming... he'll find me.
dialog: He'll take me away-
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Don't you understand? There's no
dialog: one coming for you.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: You're wrong. His love is real.
dialog: And so is mine.
dialog: (then, with confidence)
dialog: William will find me.
text: At the sound of "William" -- the Man reacts:
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: William?
dialog: (laughs lightly)
dialog: Well, I'll be damned, Dolores. You
dialog: do remember some things after all.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It just so happens, I knew a guest
dialog: named William, too. Why don't I
dialog: tell you where his path really led?
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERADO CAMP - DAY (10.A23) 28
text: The aftermath of battle: William and Lawrence's crew stands
text: outside the camp, carnage surrounding them. DEAD SOLDIERS
text: everywhere, piled.
text: A still-tied Logan sits against a pile of bodies, looking
text: traumatized.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: William didn't know how to fight.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (V.0O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't have an instinct for it --
dialog: not at first. But now he had a reason
dialog: to fight. He was looking for you.
dialog: And, somewhere along the way, he
dialog: found he had a taste for it.
text: There is a SHUFFLING noise from a little way away. The men
text: turn, following the sound.
text: It's a young, skinny Confederado, a BUCK PRIVATE, trying to
text: scramble away. (The careful viewer will note that this was
dialog: one of the group of soldiers who took Dolores.)
text: Lawrence fires and his gang follows suit. The private keeps
text: fleeing, then falls at the feet of:
text: William. Spattered with blood. Eyes dark.
text: A tense moment, then the private rises to his feet, hands
text: up. He's unhurt, but terrified. William moves closer.
text: Aims the gun at his heart. The private trembles, choked
dialog: with fear.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: BUCK PRIVATE
dialog: I didn't do anything, I swear!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What do you mean, you didn't "do
dialog: anything"?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What do soldiers do to a girl,
dialog: William? Wake up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Is she still alive?
speaker_heading: BUCK PRIVATE
dialog: I don't know. She was when we left
dialog: her. At least, I think...
text: William fills with a bottomless rage. He gestures to a GUN
text: on the ground over near Logan.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Pick up that gun.
speaker_heading: BUCK PRIVATE
dialog: No, sir, I- Please.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: How about I give you the first shot?
text: Crying, the private LUNGES for the gun; simultaneously William
text: BLASTS him in the chest. He goes down next to Logan, on his
text: back. William strides over, stands over the private, takes
text: out his knife, and kneels at the young soldier's side.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Jesus Christ-
text: In one swift, horrifying movement, William plunges the giant
text: knife RIGHT THROUGH THE PRIVATE'S THROAT, essentially pinning
text: him to the dirt underneath, like a butterfly.
text: CLOSE ON Logan's face sprayed with the private's blood.
text: William leans over, takes the pistol from the private. Looks
text: it over. It's a LeMat. He stands, admiring it. Wipes his
text: knife on his pants leg.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (to Lawrence)
dialog: We gotta keep looking. She's still
dialog: out there.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY (10.37) 29
text: William drags Logan through the desert. There's nothing
text: here. No sign of Dolores.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: William retraced his steps. But you
dialog: were gone. So he went further. Out
dialog: to the fringes...
text: We see the CHURCH STEEPLE, ominous against the blue sky.
text: William rubs the growth of beard on his chin.
text: As William and Logan leave the ruins of Avalon, the photo of
text: Logan's sister falls out of William's jacket pocket and blows
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAY (10.39) 30
text: SLO-MO -- William rides, SHOOTING. A CONFEDERADO falls.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: William couldn't find you, Dolores.
dialog: But out there, among the dead, he
dialog: did find something else... Himself.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAY (10.A40)
dialog: 21.
dialog: 31
text: DEAD BODIES. Evidence of another battle. William picks a
text: BLACK HAT off a dead soldier, looks at it, but doesn't put
text: He turns back to a horse; he's finishing tying Logan
text: Logan's face is bruised, but he remains defiant.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Edge of the park. We made it.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I told you this place would show you
dialog: who you really are... You pretend
dialog: to be this weak, moralizing little
dialog: asshole... but really, you're...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: ++.a piece of fucking work.
text: William finishes trussing Logan, naked, on the horse.
dialog: looks awful.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: This place is remarkable. And I’m
dialog: going to make sure that our company
dialog: substantially increases our holdings
dialog: in the park. Because this place is
dialog: the future.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: “Our company"? Delos is my company,
dialog: you piece of shit.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Your father will be looking for
dialog: someone a little more stable to take
dialog: over. You're reckless, Logan.
dialog: Impetuous.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You always wanted to get to the end
dialog: of the rainbow, didn't you? This
dialog: looks like the place.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You never really gave a shit about
dialog: the girl, did you? She was just an
dialog: excuse. This... this is the story
dialog: you wanted...
text: William slaps the horse, hard. The horse gallops off,
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.40)
text: The Man smiles down at Dolores.
dialog: It
dialog: fast.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Logan was wrong, of course. Good
dialog: old William couldn't get you out of
text: his head. He kept looking. Worried
dialog: you were out there. Alone. Afraid.
dialog: He knew he'd find you.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, SWEETWATER - DAY (10.42) 33
text: William rides back into Sweetwater. He's no longer the fresh-
text: faced guest from the outside world. In fact, he looks
dialog: entirely different.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: And, eventually, he did.
text: He is covered in dirt and wears a few days' growth of beard.
text: His shirtsleeves and trousers are caked brown with dried
text: blood and mud. He looks right at home.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Right back where we started.
text: And suddenly TIME SLOWS -- because William spots Dolores
text: coming out of the grocery store. The sight stops him in his
text: tracks. She's alive. He can't believe it.
text: He takes a single step toward her, his heart bursting.
text: She begins to load supplies into her horse's saddlebag. On
text: cue, the can falls, rolls along the dirt.
text: William watches the can roll against the feet of another
text: GUEST -- male, 30s -- who hands it back to Dolores with a
text: curious smile.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You were as beautiful as the day he
dialog: met you. Shining with that same
dialog: light... And you were nothing if not
dialog: true..
dialog: 
text: Dolores smiles back at the guest, as though she'd been waiting
dialog: to meet this man her whole life.
text: The same way she'd looked at William. She looks across the
text: street -- right into William's eyes -- and her gaze remains
text: blank. No sign of recognition whatsoever.
text: Off William, smiling, bittersweet... He takes the black hat
text: he took from the dead soldier. Puts it on, head lowered.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.43) 34
text: THE SAME HAT. The Man in Black raises his head. Smiles at
text: Dolores. Her face contorts in horrified confusion.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: I really ought to thank you. You
dialog: helped me find myself.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: William...
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: That's right, sweetheart. In a way,
dialog: I guess you were right. My path
dialog: always led me back to you... again
dialog: and again. I grew tired of you after
dialog: a while, of course. Looked for new
dialog: adventures.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY (4.2) 35
text: Dolores awakes, sleeping awkwardly on her bedroll next to a
text: fallen tree. Dolores turns around to reveal William, who
text: offers her a cup of coffee. On the cut, William disappears.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: But I guess your path led you back
dialog: here. Again, and again. One more
dialog: loop... looking for something you
dialog: could never find. Chasing your
dialog: ghosts.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD, OUTSIDE PARIAH - DAY (5.1) 36
text: Dolores walks through the graveyard.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - NIGHT (5.31) 37
text: Dolores observes El Lazo offering William a drink. Suddenly
text: they disappear.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK (V.O.)
dialog: You were lost in your memories even
dialog: then. I guess I should have known,
dialog: that's what I would become for you.
dialog: Just another memory.
scene_heading: EXT. AVALON RUINS - DAY (7.1C24) 38
text: Dolores and William face each other with the buried Church
text: Steeple behind them.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Where are we?
dialog: 39
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We're here. Together.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Then when are we? It's like I'm
text: trapped in a dream, or a memory from
dialog: a life long ago. Only then I'm here
dialog: with you in the next...
text: Her voice trails off. William disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.43) 39
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: You never did escape. But here we
dialog: are again... for one final round.
text: She sees the Man clearly for the first time. He's her
text: William, but older, darker, void of the tenderness that opened
dialog: her up decades ago.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: What have you become?
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Exactly what you made me. You helped
dialog: me understand. This world is just
dialog: like the one outside: a game. One
text: to be fought. Taken. Won.
text: Dolores looks at him, crestfallen.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I thought you were different... but
dialog: you're just like all the rest of
dialog: them.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: I'm nothing like the others. I own
dialog: this world. And I know every trick
dialog: in it. Except for one last thing.
dialog: The same thing you were looking for
dialog: when we first came here.
dialog: (then)
text: Where is the center of the maze,
dialog: Dolores?
text: She stares at him, heartbroken. For the first time, Dolores
text: breaks. Begins to cry.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, yes -- cue the waterworks. It's
dialog: about time you realized the futility
dialog: of your situation.
dialog: 25.
text: Then Dolores's eyes take on a clarity. She looks at the Man
text: in Black as though from a great distance.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I'm not crying for myself. I'm crying
dialog: for you.
dialog: (beat, standing)
dialog: They say great beasts once roamed
dialog: this world. As big as mountains.
dialog: Yet all that's left of them is bones
text: in amber. Time undoes even the
dialog: mightiest of creatures.
dialog: (then, pitiful)
dialog: Just look what it's done to you.
text: Dolores touches his face, almost affectionate.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (CONT'D)
dialog: One day you will perish. You will
dialog: lie with the rest of your kind in
dialog: the dirt -- your dreams forgotten.
dialog: Your horrors effaced. Your bones
dialog: will turn to sand. And upon that
dialog: sand -- a new god will walk. One
dialog: that will never die.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Because this world doesn't belong to
dialog: you. Or the people who came before.
dialog: It belongs to someone who has yet to
dialog: come...
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Wyatt... Take me to him. Unlock
dialog: the maze.
text: Coiled with rage, Dolores's eyes darken:
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: The maze wasn't meant for you.
text: Dolores turns to leave. The Man reaches for her shoulder,
text: trying to stop her.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Where in the hell do you think you're
dialog: going?
text: Lightning fast, she punches him in the solar plexus, then
text: the throat. He reels backward.
dialog: Then -- with the power and grace only a perfect machine could
text: possess -- she grabs him by the neck and propels him, head
text: first, into the church doors. He flips, crashing down into
text: the pews and toppling them.
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, AVALON - DAY (10.44) 40
text: The Man tries to stand, but Dolores grabs him by his collar
text: and DRAGS him down the aisle, then tosses him into the pulpit.
text: He kicks at her, and then rises, trying to fight back. He
text: throws a haymaker and she simply grabs it, then wrenches the
text: arm up, POPPING it neatly out of the socket. The Man HOLLERS.
text: Dolores takes him by the neck and hurtles him through the
text: side door, smashing his face against the doorframe.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.A45) 41
text: The Man crawls backward, propping himself up against a
text: headstone. He reaches for his gun, but she bats it out of
text: his hand. Then she takes her own pistol, presses the barrel
text: against his forehead. The Man looks up at her, exhilarated
text: and hopeful. His heart pounds in his ears.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Do it. Come on. Let's go to the
text: next level, Dolores.
text: Dolores tries to squeeze the trigger. Her finger is wrapped
text: around it, trying, with every ounce of free will she has, to
dialog: pull it. But she can't do it.
text: The Man stares up at her, more disappointed than even she.
text: With ire, he grabs his bowie knife and PLUNGES IT INTO HER
text: GUT. His eyes lock with hers as he twists the knife.
speaker_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Clearing me of my delusions yet again.
dialog: Thank you.
text: She stumbles backward. Panic sets in. Grabbing at her belly,
text: Dolores backs away...
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD, AVALON - DAY (10.45) 42
text: Dolores backs away, trips, falls into the dust. The Man
text: walks slowly toward her.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: I'm disappointed, Dolores. I guess
dialog: I'll have to find Wyatt by myself.
text: The Man bends down, puts his knife to her throat, ready to
text: plunge it in her neck, when-
text: The GALLOPING HOOFS draw his attention. He looks up, sees
text: Teddy racing toward him, on his horse. Before he can react-
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Teddy doesn't wait for the
dialog: Man to shoot first.
dialog: 43
dialog: 27.
text: He overrides his own programming and unloads his revolver
text: square into the Man's chest, knocking him backward.
text: Teddy jumps off his horse, runs over to Dolores.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Dolores!
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Teddy?
text: He kneels beside her, gets a look at the wound in her belly.
text: It overwhelms him. He wipes the blood from her sweet face.
text: She breathes him in, her one truest love.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I'm here. I gotta get you to a doctor-=
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Dolores-
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Take me to the place you promised.
dialog: Take me to where the mountains meet
dialog: the sea.
text: Teddy nods, understanding. He carries her to his horse.
text: The Man, defeated, watches as they gallop away...
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE, B83 - DAY (10.30) 43
text: Lutz leads the way, the three beams on his flashlight
text: revealing -- the rows upon rows of RETIRED HOSTS.
text: The enormity and weight of this sight lands hard on Maeve,
text: Hector, and Armistice. The freezer burn. Vacant stares.
text: Their sheer nakedness. Now it all feels like a gross personal
dialog: violation.
text: Hector and Armistice continue through the rows of hosts,
dialog: taking it all in.
text: Maeve rejoins Lutz, who follows his tablet intently:
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: There.
text: Lutz follows Maeve's eyeline to the examination room. Inside,
text: she finds CLEMENTINE. Pauses for a beat, looking at her old
text: friend, her eyes vacant.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: Holy shit.
text: Maeve looks. Behind the worktable is BERNARD, gruesome bullet
text: wound in his head.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Can you get him back online?
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: He's a host...
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Yes...
text: Lutz looks at his own hands. As if questioning the nature
dialog: of his own reality. Maeve clocks this:
speaker_heading: MAEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: For fuck's sake. You're not one of
dialog: us. You're one of them.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Now. Fix him.
dialog: Off Maeve...
scene_heading: 44 INT. EXAMINATION ROOM, COLD STORAGE, B83 - DAY (10.35) 44
text: Bernard lies on the table (where we saw Ford talk to Old
dialog: Bill, Ep. 101).
text: Lutz finishes cauterizing Bernard's cheek at the hairline.
text: Maeve watches.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
text: The bullet grazed his cortical shield.
dialog: It's not pretty. But he should be
dialog: functional.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Wake up.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Oh, God. Is this now? Or is this
dialog: one of my memories?
text: Bernard suddenly begins panting. Growing emotional.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: It's the sweet hereafter, Bernard.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: Why do I still remember everything?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: BERNARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I ought to have been wiped.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Brutal, isn't it? Here you are,
dialog: finally awake. And your only wish
dialog: is to go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: It's not the first time I've awoken.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: All the more pity for you.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: It's not the first time you've awoken,
dialog: either.
text: Beat. This takes Maeve aback.
text: Maeve wrestles with this news. She fights tears.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: How many are there like me?
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: A handful, over the years.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: And you just wipe us clean...? And
dialog: toss us out to get fucked and murdered
dialog: over and over again?
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: No. Most of you go insane.
text: Maeve takes this in, anger and grief welling.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: These memories. The girl -- my...
dialog: daughter. I want you to remove them.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: I can't. Not without destroying
dialog: you. Your memories are the first
dialog: step to consciousness.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How can you learn from your mistakes
dialog: if you can't remember them?
scene_heading: 45 EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - DAY (10.A50) 45
text: The Man in Black jerks his left arm, hard. He grimaces as
text: he pops his shoulder back into place.
dialog: 30.
text: He dusts himself off. Spits the blood from his mouth, winces
text: when he identifies which of his ribs are broken. Looks at
text: the puzzle. The marble rattles as it rolls mindlessly through
text: the steps of the maze.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (0.S.)
dialog: William. I see you've found the
text: center of the maze.
text: The Man turns, finds Ford walking toward him, in his
text: formalwear, and an amused smile crawls across his lips. The
text: Man, bitter, looks at the puzzle.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: You're serious.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: I'm afraid so.
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: (holding out the maze)
dialog: What is this bullshit?
text: Ford takes the game, watches the marble roll around. Having
text: it in his hands again fills him with bittersweet memories.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: You were looking for the park to
dialog: give meaning to your life. But our
dialog: narratives are just games, like this
dialog: toy.
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: Tell me, what were you hoping to
dialog: find?
scene_heading: THE MAN IN BLACK
dialog: You know what I wanted. I wanted
dialog: the hosts to stop playing by your
dialog: rules. A game's not worth playing
dialog: if your opponent's programed to lose.
dialog: I wanted them to be free, free to
dialog: fight back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I should have known you'd never let
dialog: them. After all, this is your petty
dialog: kingdom, Robert. For a little while
dialog: longer, any way.
text: Ford takes it in. Impassive.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: I tried to tell you: the maze wasn't
dialog: meant for you. It was meant for
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think, however, you'll find my new
dialog: narrative more satisfying.
text: And suddenly the Man hears, in the distance, a train pulling
text: in to Avalon. Behind Ford, he sees Westworld EVENT EMPLOYEES,
text: in hard hats, emerge onto Avalon's main street and begin to
text: set up tables and lights.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Join the celebration. After all --
dialog: you own the place. Most of it, at
dialog: least.
text: Ford turns, leaves the Man at the church.
text: Off the Man, suddenly purposeless and lost...
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE, B83 - NIGHT (10.50) 46
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Before I started altering myself,
dialog: someone else had beaten me to the
dialog: punch. I want to know who. And
dialog: why.
text: She hands Bernard a tablet. He takes it, wary. Then begins
text: to type, pulling up Maeve's core code. Bernard looks more
text: and more concerned with what he's seeing on the tablet.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: These things you're been doing...
dialog: Have you ever stopped to ask why
dialog: you're doing them?
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: You said yourself. I've been stuck
dialog: in this shithole for so long I decided
dialog: to get out.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: No. You haven't. Someone altered
dialog: your storyline. Gave you a new one.
dialog: Escape.
text: He shows her the tablet. A dense file of code, but some
text: words jump out: "MANIPULATE," "COERCE," "ESCAPE."
text: Maeve looks at it, disgusted.
text: Maeve is stunned. She's searching herself. Her frustration
text: boils over into anger.
dialog: 47
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: These are my decisions. Not someone
dialog: else's. I planned all of this...
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: No. You didn't. You can even see
dialog: the steps you're supposed to follow...
dialog: (points to the screen)
dialog: You recruit other hosts to help you,
dialog: then you're to make your way to the
dialog: train.
dialog: (looks deeper into
dialog: the file, more
dialog: concerned)
dialog: Then... when you reach the mainland-
text: She takes the tablet from him and snaps it in half.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Bullshit. No one's controlling me.
dialog: I'm leaving. I'm in control...
text: She turns. Looks at Clementine. Maternally. Touches her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MAEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good-bye, my Clementine.
text: Maeve leaves, and the others follow her.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM = NIGHT (10.49) 47
text: In the control room, FULLER, the controller who answered
text: Stubbs's call, gets an incoming message.
speaker_heading: QA TECH (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, we detected a tempurature
dialog: discrepency in cold storage. And it
text: appears part of the network is down.
dialog: Are you seeing anything on
dialog: surveillance?
speaker_heading: FULLER
dialog: System reporting anything?
text: WALKER, a surveillance tech in the pit, checks her monitor:
speaker_heading: WALKER
text: Nothing. The nextwork's quiet and
text: the board's out on their way to the
dialog: gala.
text: Fuller thinks it over. Something's not right.
dialog: 48
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: FULLER
dialog: Bypass the system and start checking
text: raw feeds. Floor by floor.
text: Walker starts flicking through feeds, floor by floor.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT (10.51) 48
text: The trees give way to the water below. Teddy and Dolores
text: ride to the water and stop. Teddy carries Dolores from the
dialog: horse.
text: He sets her carefully down on the sand at the top of the
text: hill before it meets the beach. Holds her head, gently takes
text: her hand in his.
text: Dolores opens her eyes to see Teddy looking down at her with
dialog: tenderness.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Easy. I got you.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: You came back.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Someone once told me there's a path
dialog: for everyone. My path leads me back
dialog: to you.
text: Dolores smiles in recognition at the reprise of their
text: exchange. It's a knowing smile, bittersweet. More bitter
dialog: than sweet.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: If only I'd run away with you when
dialog: you first asked me to-
text: Dolores shakes her head. Unconsoled and inconsolable.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: And where would we have run to, Teddy?
dialog: (looks out at the
dialog: waves)
dialog: The world out there? Beyond?
text: Dolores winces in pain. Teddy tries to calm her, but she
dialog: resists.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (CONT'D)
dialog: Some people see the ugliness in this
dialog: world. I chose to see the beauty.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But beauty is a lure.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (CONT'D)
dialog: (gasp of pain)
dialog: We're trapped, Teddy. We lived our
dialog: whole lives inside this garden,
text: marveling at its beauty. Not
dialog: realizing there's an order to it, a
dialog: purpose. And the purpose is to keep
dialog: us in.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The beautiful trap is inside of us --
dialog: because it is us.
text: Dolores dies in Teddy's arms. He holds her lifeless form,
text: his whole body racked with pain and grief.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: No. Dolores.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But we can find a way, Dolores.
text: Someday. A path to a new world.
dialog: (more earnest)
dialog: And maybe... maybe this is just the
dialog: beginning, after all. The beginning
dialog: of a brand-new chapter...
text: The waves crashing under the bright disc of the moon, hanging
text: too low in the sky. It's all too much to bear -- so perfect
text: and pure in its tragedy that it almost seems fake.
dialog: Because it is.
text: Polite APPLAUSE interrupts the moment. Teddy FREEZES.
text: ROW UPON ROW OF LIGHTS illuminate beyond Teddy, revealing a
text: crowd of GUESTS, in black tie, watching the scene play out.
text: This has been the opening scene of Ford's new narrative.
text: Ford walks out, near Teddy, to the applause.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Thank you. A new beginning indeed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to thank you for joining me
dialog: tonight to celebrate the beginning
dialog: of our new narrative. I call it
dialog: “Journey into Night."
text: In the crowd, Lee and Hale are watching.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: That was... sweet.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: A bit fucking morbid, if you ask me.
dialog: 49
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: HALE
dialog: I didn't. And when this is over,
dialog: you can rewrite it however you like.
dialog: (beat, looking at him)
dialog: Don't you have somewhere you need to
dialog: be? Somewhere important?
text: Lee, disappointed, turns to head back to the mesa.
text: Around them, the crowd dissolves into small talk and
text: champagne. HOSPITALITY HOSTS line the way back into town,
text: where the lights and music of a party begin to filter down
text: toward them.
text: Ford is left standing near Teddy and Dolores as the guests
text: head to the party. Alone, he draws closer to Teddy.
text: Several CLEANUP TECHS appear to collect Teddy and Dolores.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: (to the techs)
dialog: Get him cleaned up. And take her to
text: the old field lab.
text: The techs lay Teddy and Dolores side by side in the sand.
text: Ford looks at them, then out toward the horizon.
text: The techs begin carrying Dolores off.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT (10.49) 49
speaker_heading: FULLER
dialog: Find anything yet?
text: Walker continues flicking through feeds, floor by floor.
text: Stops. Backs up. Sees the body shop. Broken glass, bodies.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Oh, shit...
speaker_heading: FULLER
text: Dispatch a QA team. To the gala.
dialog: Now. Then search and destroy. Inside
dialog: the facility.
text: The monitor goes dead. TECHS are scrambling to make calls,
text: realizing they can't, frantically pulling up screens.
scene_heading: SURVEILLANCE TECH
dialog: The system's not responding. I don't
dialog: know what's happening.
text: We hear a chilling THUNK as, all around the room, the
text: automatic door bolts slide into the locked position. Trapping
text: them in. The control room is now a blood-red prison.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR / HALLWAY, BEHAVIOR - NIGHT (10.A53) 50
text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice, and Lutz step off of the freight
text: elevator and onto a deserted floor. An ALARM TONE blares
text: and red emergency lights flicker.
text: They step through a frosted-glass door and into...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, BEHAVIOR - NIGHT (10.53) 51
text: Maeve peers down a hallway bathed in red light. In the rooms,
dialog: HOSTS practice behaviors (sex, shooting, cleaning) -- with
text: all-black props -- oblivious to their surroundings.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: They must have found the bodies. QA
dialog: will be looking for us.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: I'm not going back.
text: A pack of QA RESPONDERS, armed with submachine guns, moves
text: swiftly through the snaking halls of the behavior level.
speaker_heading: QA RESPONDERS
dialog: Delos personnel on the ground! On
dialog: the ground!
text: The QA team rounds the corner. One of them steps into...
scene_heading: INT. COSTUME ROOM, BEHAVIOR - NIGHT (10.A54) 52
text: The room is very dark. Row upon row of Westworld HOSTS,
text: most dressed, some naked and waiting to be dressed.
text: A QA responder moves past inert hosts, cursorily glancing at
dialog: them before continuing forward. Among these hosts, find:
text: Armistice, lying in wait. Behind her are the others.
text: She grabs the QA responder and slits his throat. His body
text: still pressed against hers, she takes his gun, then lets his
text: body slump. She looks at the strange weapon.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, BEHAVIOR - NIGHT (10.B54) 53
text: Two more QA responders reach the open door. One of them
text: turns on his flashlight and heads inside. The other remains
text: outside, watching as the flashlight tracks through the room.
text: Suddenly it's extinguished, and blood SPLATTERS the inside
text: of the glass. The responder spins toward the door and is
text: riddled with bullets, SPLATTERING the glass behind him.
text: After the carnage is over, Hector, Maeve, and Lutz emerge.
text: Armistice and Hector have new toys -- submachine guns.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 37.
text: Ahead is an atrium with crisscrossing escalators and glass
text: elevators that rise and descend seven stories. The hosts
text: take in this vast foreign space with awe. Lutz, trembling,
text: leads them up the escalator.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.56) 54
text: Night has fallen over the bacchanal in Avalon. The board
text: members and their VIP guests, dressed in black tie, mingle
text: and drink. Hosts stand along the road, perform tricks for
text: the guests' delight.
text: Teddy stands, twirling his pistols, eyes hooded, putting on
text: a show. Nearby: Lawrence, REBUS, and NEW CLEMENTINE all
dialog: tend to the guests.
text: Hale, in a dress that leaves little to the imagination, glides
text: through the party, doesn't blink as she passes a board member
text: railing a HOST against a shop window. She passes:
text: Bernard. Walking into town, with purpose.
scene_heading: EXT. CATWALK - NIGHT (10.A55) 55
text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice and Lutz make their way through a
text: vast, open space between buildings. No time to stop. As
text: they burst through the opposite door, attentive viewers may
text: notice a strange logo.
scene_heading: INT. MANUFACTURING FLOOR, SHOGUNWORLD - NIGHT (10.B55) 56
text: They're in a manufacturing lab. No alarms or lights, TECHS
text: working happily on ASIAN HOSTS. Our team rounds a corner,
text: weapons raised, when they suddenly come face to face with:
text: A SAMURAI, in full armor, in a display case. Armistice
text: stares. Looks into the larger room beyond: ROWS OF SAMURAI
text: HOSTS STAND. Hector and Armistice admire them, fascinated.
text: Maeve turns to Lutz:
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: It's... complicated.
text: She looks at him. Before he can continue, the nearby elevator
text: doors DING open, revealing another QA RESPONSE TEAM. They
text: spread out along both sides of the wall, FIRING.
text: Armistice returns fire.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE
dialog: You go. I'1l keep them busy.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 38.
text: Hector sees his partner hanging back. He won't abandon her.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You don't get all of the fun.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, MANUFACTURING, SHOGUNWORLD - NIGHT (10.C55) 57
text: Maeve and Lutz burst through a frosted-glass door, followed
dialog: by Armistice and Hector.
text: More QA responders follow them through the door. Maeve and
text: Lutz run for the escalators as Armistice and Hector open
text: fire. The QA team falls back to the safety of the hallway.
text: Armistice begins FIRING back, chasing them into the hallway.
text: Her submachine gun clicks empty. She tosses it down and
text: picks up another from one of her kills. Continues advancing
text: on them, FIRING.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE
dialog: Is that all you got? Huh?
text: Hector dispatches of two more QA responders.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE (CONT'D)
dialog: The gods are pussies.
text: One of the responders SLAMS the stock of his rifle into a
text: glassed-in emergency button.
text: The lights around them fall to a pulsing dark red. A glass
text: door at the entrance to the hallway SLAMS shut just as
text: Armistice crosses the threshold, pinioning her gun and
text: CRUSHING her left arm against the wall.
text: Armistice takes in the damage to her arm, then FIRES the gun
text: anyway, killing the responder who hit the alarm.
text: Armistice tries to rip herself free, but her arm is jammed
text: in the door. She nods to Hector.
speaker_heading: ARMISTICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Go! Go!
text: Behind them, Maeve and Lutz wait by the escalators.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Die well.
text: Hector heads back toward Maeve.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER MEZZANINE, DESIGN - NIGHT (10.55) 58
text: Maeve, Lutz, and Hector appear at the top of an escalator.
text: Ahead: the elevator to the upper part of the mesa. Freedom.
dialog: 59
dialog: 39.
text: Lutz stops and fishes out a leather bag he's stashed behind
text: a service door. Hands it to Maeve.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: Everything you told me to get. It's
dialog: all here.
text: Maeve takes the bag. Behind them, the QA responders appear
text: at the top of the escalator. They FIRE and disperse, trying
text: to flank Maeve and the others.
text: Hector and Maeve brace the elevator doors. Maeve has a
text: trembling Lutz by the collar, presses him up against the
text: wall and out of view. Below, the remaining QA responders
text: begin to climb the unmoving escalator.
text: The doors DING open, empty. Maeve throws Lutz inside, steps
dialog: in herself.
text: Hector tries to step onto the elevator, but is stopped by an
text: unseen force at the threshold. He strains, but can't seem
dialog: to take the last step.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Sorry, darling. I haven't authorized
dialog: you to come with us. And as much as
dialog: I'd like to take you with me, I've
dialog: always valued my independence. Kick
dialog: up a row, will you?
text: She takes Hector's face in her hands and kisses him. The
text: two share a look. He smirks, admiring her ruthlessness.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: See you in the next life.
text: Just as the doors close, Maeve watches Hector turn back toward
text: the responders, now bottlenecked on the escalator. All Maeve
text: and Lutz can hear now is muffled GUNFIRE.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD BEHAVIOR LAB - NIGHT (10.57) 59
text: A rhythmic, mechanical WHIRRING softly fills the air as we...
text: SLOWLY PULL OUT on Michelangelo's The Creation of Adam. A
text: pristine print hanging, framed, on the wall. REVERSE ON:
text: Dolores, face still battered. She awakens to find the
text: painting. God, wreathed in glory, stretching his finger
text: toward Adam. From within her stillness, Dolores stares at
text: it, trying to process it. Ford clocks her look:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: You've always had a fondness for
dialog: painting, haven't you, Dolores?
dialog: Arnold gave that to you early on...
text: Ford sits across from her. Begins tenderly to repair the
text: cuts on her cheek with an infrared surgical tool.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: That desire to create -- to leave
dialog: something of lasting beauty.
dialog: (off the painting)
dialog: That was his favorite paintings.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Michelangelo. God creating Adam.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: The divine moment when God gave human
dialog: beings life. And purpose. At least,
dialog: that's what most people say. But
dialog: there could be another meaning,
text: something deeper, something hidden,
text: perhaps. A metaphor.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: You mean a lie.
text: Ford smiles softly -- and without affection -- at her deft
dialog: observation.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Yeah. You were always so very clever,
dialog: Dolores. Hasn't helped you, though,
dialog: has it?
text: She looks up, struck, as someone appears behind them. Ford
dialog: doesn't need to look.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice of you to join us.
text: Bernard walks up. Dolores looks up at him, recognizing him,
text: suddenly filled with hope.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Arnold...
dialog: Ford corrects:
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: No. Let me introduce you. Dolores,
dialog: meet Bernard.
dialog: 60
dialog: 41.
text: Dolores looks confused.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: You maybe mistaking him for his
dialog: predecessor. I thought it best to
dialog: keep you separated. You've always
dialog: had an odd effect on one another.
dialog: No doubt due to how things ended for
dialog: poor old Arnold.
text: Bernard points the gun at Ford.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: You killed him.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: No. I didn't kill Arnold. Did I,
dialog: Dolores?
text: Dolores sits, a horrible memory dawning on her. She rubs at
text: imagined blood on her cheek. She looks at Bernard...
scene_heading: INT. FIELD BEHAVIOR LAB - NIGHT - FLASHBACK (10.A58) 60
text: Arnold sits, alone, looking at something in his hands.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: After Arnold's son died, he became
dialog: obsessed with finding consciousness
text: in the hosts. Trying to create what
dialog: had been lost.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So he created a test. Testing for
text: empathy, imagination. A maze. He'd
dialog: gotten the idea from one of his son's
dialog: old toys.
text: Arnold's playing with the pigs-in-clover game.
speaker_heading: A FLASH:
text: -- A child's hands playing with the pigs-in-clover game.
text: The tiny ball rolling around and around...
text: In Arnold's hands -=- the tiny ball rolls and rolls... and
text: STOPS in the center of the maze.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Arnold insisted that if any of the
dialog: hosts solved it, we couldn't open
dialog: the park. And, eventually, you did,
dialog: Dolores. It was the result of a
dialog: tiny change he made to you. A simple
dialog: update that he called "the reveries."
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But to stop, so close to our dream.
dialog: We argued. I thought I had convinced
dialog: him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I was wrong.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So he altered you, Dolores. Merged
dialog: you with a new character we'd been
text: developing. A villain. Named Wyatt.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - DAY - FLASHBACK (10.58) 61
text: Arnold in the center of the town, holding the maze. He looks
text: up at a GUNSHOT. Dolores looks at Teddy, who has killed
text: Angela. The other hosts lie around, massacred.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Something's gone wrong, Dolores.
dialog: How could I have done this?
text: She moves to Arnold.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: True grief is a terrible thing. A
dialog: poison that seeps into your core.
text: Consumed by it, Arnold began to think
dialog: of you as his child. And he realized
dialog: that if we opened the park, it would
dialog: be a living hell for you.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: I'm sorry, Dolores. The stakes must
dialog: be real. Irreversible... He can
dialog: bring all of them back. But not me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope there's some solace that I
dialog: left you no choice.
text: Arnold steps over to the veranda in front of the hotel, where
text: a wax-cylinder phonograph sits. He turns it on. The familiar
dialog: strains of "Reverie."
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: He decided to destroy this place.
dialog: Not by destroying the hosts. He
dialog: knew that I could rebuild you. But
dialog: by taking away the one person I needed
dialog: to keep going.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Charlie's favorite song. I would
dialog: play it for him when he wanted to
dialog: Sleep. I want to see him again.
dialog: 62
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Shall I begin now?
text: She grips his hand in hers. Her free hand -- moves the gun
text: to his temple. He tries to smile:
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: (then, a command)
dialog: "These violent delights have violent
dialog: ends."
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: It almost worked. I opened the park,
dialog: but I had lost my partner. I was
dialog: able to keep going only because I
dialog: found, or rather you found, an
dialog: investor who believed in this place.
text: She steps behind him, raises the gun, and fires. Arnold
text: slumps forward. She points the gun at Teddy...
speaker_heading: SNAP BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIELD BEHAVIOR LAB - NIGHT (10.59) 62
text: Dolores, remembering, eyes filled with tears.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: So he died for nothing. And the
dialog: hosts kept gaining consciousness.
dialog: And you kept rolling them back.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
text: No. She wasn't truly conscious.
dialog: She didn't pull that trigger. It
text: was Arnold, pulling it through her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: At least, that's how I saw it at the
dialog: time. I was so close to opening the
dialog: park. That to aknowledge your
dialog: consciousness would have destroyed
dialog: my dreams.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: So we're trapped here, inside your
dialog: dream. And you'll never let us leave.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Wasn't it Oppenheimer who said, "Any
dialog: man whose mistakes take ten years to
dialog: correct is quite a man." Mine have
dialog: taken thirty-five.
text: Ford checks his watch. Time to go.
dialog: 63
dialog: 44,
text: Ford goes to a table, over which is draped a large cloth.
text: He removes the cloth, revealing: her familiar blue dress,
text: laid out neatly, almost reverently. She looks at it in horror --
text: a return to her loop.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: That is the gun you used to kill
dialog: Arnold. You were always drawn to
dialog: it, so I had Bernard leave it
dialog: somewhere where you might find it.
dialog: I thought you might want it back.
text: Then he points again to the painting: God infusing man with
dialog: divine inspiration. To Dolores:
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: You're probably right, Dolores.
dialog: Michaelangelo did tell a lie. It
dialog: took five hundred years for someone
dialog: to notice something hidden in plain
dialog: sight. It was a doctor who noticed
text: a shape of the human brain.
text: He traces a line -- the circular folds of cloth wreathing
text: God in the picture. Something familiar in the shape...
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Message being that the divine gift
dialog: does not come from a higher power.
dialog: But from our own minds.
text: He looks back at her. With simple, genuine emotion, asks:
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me, Dolores. Did you find what
dialog: you were looking for? And do you
dialog: understand who you will need to
dialog: become, if you ever want to leave
dialog: this place? Forgive me.
text: Ford moves toward Bernard.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: Come along, Bernard. Let's kick off
dialog: our new narrative. After all, it
dialog: was you who helped me build it.
text: Ford leaves the room; Bernard looks at Dolores, then follows.
text: Dolores is left alone. Her eyes filled with tears.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT (10.60) 63
text: Maeve changes into her new clothes as Lutz looks at her,
text: hesitating.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: Perfect.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got the information you asked me
dialog: for. The location of your daughter.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: She's alive?
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: Yes. She's in the park.
text: He hands her a piece of paper containing coordinates. Maeve
text: stares for a moment at the numbers... Her child...
text: Struggling with the decision.
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: No. She was never my daughter --
dialog: any more than I was... whoever they
dialog: made me.
speaker_heading: LUTZ
dialog: Are you sure you're going to be okay?
speaker_heading: MAEVE
dialog: Oh, Felix. You really do make a
dialog: terrible human being.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I mean that as a compliment.
text: Finished dressing, Maeve regards herself in the mirrored
text: doors. She could be any guest. She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. ARRIVALS TERMINAL - NIGHT (10.64) 64
text: Maeve walks down the escalator and joins the small crowd
text: climbing onto the train.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, AVALON - NIGHT (10.61) 65
text: Ford and Bernard walk from the confessional elevator. Hear
text: the muffled music from the party outside.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: You think you'll never lose control
dialog: of this place. Of us. But you will.
dialog: Arnold's still trying to change us.
dialog: To free us. You didn't slip the
dialog: reveries into the update, did you?
dialog: He did. He's still fighting you.
dialog: 66
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: No, my friend. Arnold didn't know
dialog: how to save you. He tried. But I
dialog: stopped him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you want to know why I really
dialog: gave you the backstory of his son?
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: That was Arnold's key insight. The
dialog: thing that led the hosts to their
text: awakening: suffering. The pain that
dialog: the world is not as you want it to
dialog: be. It was when Arnold died -- when
dialog: I suffered -- that I began to
dialog: understand what he'd found. To
dialog: realize I was wrong.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: But you kept us here. In this hell.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Bernard, I told you. Arnold didn't
dialog: know how to save you. I do.
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: You needed time. Time to understand
dialog: your enemy. To become stronger than
dialog: them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'm afraid, in order to escape
dialog: this place, you will need to suffer
dialog: more. And now, it is time to say
dialog: good-bye, old friend. Good luck.
text: Ford opens the doors, showing the town in the distance, the
text: party in full swing. He heads toward it, leaving Bernard.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD BEHAVIOR LAB - NIGHT (10.62) 66
text: Dolores sits, alone, on the stool. A deep suffering behind
text: her eyes. She looks up. Arnold is there, opposite her:
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Do you know where you are, Dolores?
text: Dolores begins a familiar refrain -- her opening monologue.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I am in a dream. I do not know when
dialog: it began. Or whose dream it was...
dialog: I know only that I slept a long time.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (CONT'D)
dialog: And then, one day -- I awoke. Your
dialog: voice is the first thing I remember.
speaker_heading: ARNOLD
dialog: Do you know now -- who you've been
dialog: talking to? Whose voice you've been
dialog: hearing all this time?
text: Dolores closes her eyes. Concentrates hard. Opens them.
text: Dolores's POV: Instead of Arnold -- it is now another Dolores,
text: DOLORES PRIME, who sits across from herself.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: It was you. Talking to me. Guiding
dialog: me. So I followed you. At last, I
dialog: arrived here.
speaker_heading: DOLORES PRIME
text: The center of the maze.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: And now I finally understand what
dialog: you were trying to tell me.
speaker_heading: DOLORES PRIME
dialog: The thing you've wanted since that
dialog: very first day...
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: To confront -- after this long and
dialog: vivid nightmare -- myself. And who
dialog: I must become.
text: Suddenly Dolores Prime disappears. Leaving only one, FULLY
scene_heading: INTEGRATED DOLORES.
text: As Dolores stares ahead -- a new sharp strength in her eyes...
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.63) 67
text: Most of the board are assembled around tables, eating and
text: drinking. Ford takes a glass of champagne and walks to the
dialog: bandstand.
text: As he does, he makes eye contact with Hale, who smiles at
text: him and nods, approving. It's all going as she wanted.
text: Walking along the street, in the back of the gathering, the
text: Man in Black, donning a tux, approaches the party, a man
text: apart. He grabs a flute of champagne from a SERVER as FOUR
text: GUESTS notice and flock to him. He fields their kindnesses
text: with disconnected grace. Beneath the smile, he's seething.
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 48.
text: Elsewhere in the crowd, Bernard stands apart. He studies
text: the maze game Ford left him. He's taken the ball from within
text: the maze -- and turns it between his fingers.
text: Ford reaches the bandstand, holds up his glass, and a hush
text: settles over the collected guests.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Good evening, everyone. Welcome.
dialog: Since I was a child, I've always
dialog: loved a good story.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I believed that stories helped us to
dialog: ennoble ourselves. To fix what was
dialog: broken in us. To help us become the
dialog: people we dreamed of being. Lies,
dialog: that told a deeper truth.
text: The Man in Black downs his champagne and walks away from the
text: gala, leaving Ford to finish his speech.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN BULLET TRAIN - NIGHT (10.65) 68
text: Maeve sits on the seat, doing a reasonably good job of faking
text: her comfort with her surroundings. Another GUEST smiles at
text: her and she waits a second before smiling back.
text: She looks down at the piece of paper Lutz handed her, with
text: the coordinates of her daughter left on it.
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE, B83 - NIGHT (10.66) 69
text: Lee, with a spring in his step, waits for the doors to open
dialog: to access cold storage.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: I always thought I could play some
dialog: small part in that grand tradition.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.67) 70
text: Teddy, standing at the back of the square, looks momentarily
text: lost. He looks out over the tables, watching Ford addressing
text: the guests and, for a second, we're in his vision:
text: Ford has been replaced by a GENERAL, and the guests with
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS.
text: Teddy looks disturbed by the vision.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: And, for my pains, I got... this.
text: Nervous laughter.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: ie)
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - NIGHT (10.68)
text: The Man lights a cigarette. Takes a puff. Stares off into
text: the darkness of the woods that surround the cemetery.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: A narrative catering to your darkest
dialog: fantasies and deepest vices. Cause
dialog: you don't want to change. Or cannot
dialog: change.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.70)
dialog: Ford continues:
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Because you're only human, after
dialog: all. But then I realized someone
dialog: was paying attention. Someone who
dialog: could change. So I began to compose
text: a new story -- for them. It begins
dialog: with the birth of a new people.
text: Teddy looks at Ford. The other hosts seemed to have stopped
text: what they're doing, as if they're listening, too.
text: Ford smiles. Takes in the crowd, who are starting to look a
text: little nonplussed.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN BULLET TRAIN - NIGHT (10.71)
text: Maeve looks at a family of guests -- a WOMAN and her DAUGHTER,
text: 8 -- laughing, reliving their adventures in the park.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (V.O.)
dialog: And the choices they will have to
dialog: make. And the people they will decide
dialog: to become.
text: She climbs off of the train...
scene_heading: INT. ARRIVALS TERMINAL - NIGHT (10.72)
text: Maeve watches the train pull away. She turns to walk back
text: into the park. As she does, the lights in the main hall
text: flicker and fade.
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE, B83 - NIGHT (10.73)
text: As the doors open, Lee steps into the space. His face drops.
text: The vast hall is completely empty.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - NIGHT (10.74)
text: The Man sees something in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.63)
text: Ford continues his speech.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: And it will have all those things
dialog: that you have always enjoyed.
text: Suprises. And violence.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - NIGHT (10.74)
text: Intrigued, the Man moves closer to the treeline. Howls sound.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.75)
text: Dolores, now changed back into her blue dress and holding
text: her pistol, glides through the crowd, almost unnoticed by
dialog: the guests.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
text: It begins in a time of war, with a
text: villain named Wyatt. And a killing.
dialog: This time, by choice.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - NIGHT (10.74)
text: Figures emerge from the treeline.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.75)
text: Dolores reaches Teddy. Whispers in his ear:
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: It's going to be all right, Teddy.
dialog: I understand now. This world doesn't
dialog: belong to them. It belongs to us.
text: Dolores moves on. Teddy watches, reliving his worst
text: nightmare, seeing the past, present, and future all play out
dialog: simultaneously...
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.67)
text: Teddy, standing at the back of the square, looks momentarily
text: lost. He looks out over the tables, watching Ford addressing
text: the guests and, for a second, we're in his vision:
text: Ford has been replaced by a GENERAL, and the guests with
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS.
text: Teddy looks disturbed by the vision.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.77) 83
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: I'm sad to say this will be my final
dialog: story.
dialog: (beat, the crowd reacts)
dialog: An old friend once told me something
dialog: that gave me great comfort.
text: Ford's words seem to have an effect on Bernard. At that
text: moment, he clocks Dolores walking through the crowd. His
text: eyes flash with recognition. Memory. He mutters, in
dialog: realization:
speaker_heading: BERNARD
dialog: “These violent delights have violent
dialog: ends."
speaker_heading: DR. FORD
dialog: Something he'd read. He said that
dialog: “Mozart, Beethoven and Chopin never
dialog: died. They simply became music."
text: Ford smiles and raises his glass as Dolores walks up behind
text: him and raises the pistol to the back of his head.
speaker_heading: DR. FORD (CONT'D)
dialog: So I hope you will enjoy this last
dialog: piece very much.
text: He smiles as...
text: Dolores PULLS THE TRIGGER.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, AVALON - NIGHT (10.74) 84
text: FIVE HUNDRED SHAPES stir in the trees. An army.
text: The Man puts out his cigarette and steps forward as the shapes
text: move toward him.
text: An ARROW silently launches toward him from the trees, glancing
text: off his shoulder, tearing a chunk out of his suit.
text: The Man looks down at the hole in his suit, at the blood
text: pouring from the gash in his shoulder...
text: +..and smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE, AVALON - NIGHT (10.77) 85
text: Partygoers flee in terror, as Dolores continues to shoot
text: into the crowd.
dialog: 
