dialog: What Price
dialog: Hollywood
dialog: 1932
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: SOUND
scene_heading: HOLLYWOOD MERRY~-GO -ROUND
dialog: Adapted from an Original Story
dialog: by
dialog: Adela Rogers St. Johns
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: For main title end exposure of credits, there is a
text: background of carousel music. The series of quick
text: dissolves shows trick shots of each of the principal
text: characters in the story. It is as though they are
text: riding a gigantic merry-go-round. Double~exposures
text: show a background formed by various Hollywood places,
text: photographic studies of Hollywood. In the foreground
text: is each character riding on @ merry~go~round animal.
dialog: The only character not on @ horse, camel, etc., is
text: the girl, Mary Evans. She, too, is on the Hollywood
text: Merry-Go-Round, but she is riding in a Cinderella
text: pumpkin coach, with two rats for horses.
dialog: CAROUSEL MUSIC (Some established tune that
dialog: keeps the mood of the picture, such
dialog: as "I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles")
dialog: (Note: . If desired, the name of each character may
dialog: be used super~imposed on the scene depicting the
dialog: persons pertinent to the play; thus introducing them)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: SOUND
scene_heading: SERT@S UF DISSOLVES
text: A birds-eye view (taken from Goodyear plimp) of
dialog: Hollywood. DOUBLE SXPOSE against this birds~eye
dialog: view the following:
text: A <A testimonial advertisement for silk stockings. A
text: large picture of a peautiful pair of silk—clad
text: legs. A vignette of a star's face -- printed
dialog: testimonial:
dialog: "For real beauty, there's nothing like
speaker_heading: SHiTR SILK"
scene_heading: (Facsimilie script) MIGNON LEE"
speaker_heading: fu
dialog: A Fashion Page:
dialog: (Printed)
text: ‘What the Stars are wearing. Jean Summers shows
dialog: her new wardrobe for Spring."
text: There follows a view of a girl wearine a smart street
dialog: adresse
text: DOUBLE EXPOSE a figure, in smart teddy, donning a
text: street dress almost exactly like the one on the
dialog: Fashion Page. The page turns «ees»
text: Gg An advertisement for lipstick. <A large picture of
text: the lower half of a girl's face, with lips pursed-—-
dialog: applying lipstick ~- then the caption --
dialog: (Printed)
dialog: "Hollywood's Favorite Lips"
dialog: Renee Dupont uses ‘KISS M2!
dialog: Lip Rouge."
scene_heading: DURING THS PROGRISS OF FURSGUING LAP ‘DISSOLVES
text: THERZ IS A PHONOGRAPH PLAYING THS SAMZ TUNS AS
text: TAS BEN HEARD AT BEGINNING OF SCRIEN CREDIT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVES.
scene_heading: HIE PHONOGRAPH SOUND CARRI=ZS OVIR THE NEXT
scene_heading: DISSOLVE AND THRUUGH PART OF SCENE
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: bm
scene_heading: 2 INT. MARY'S ROOM = DAY
text: PULL BACK from lipstick and lips to FULL SHOT ef Mary
text: Evans, who is putting lipstick on before mirror. She
text: is in a modish but inexpensive ensemble that is in
dialog: accord with the garb of the motion picture stars
text: depicted in magazine.
text: SOUND THS PHONOGRAPH IS STILL PLAYING
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 3 INT. MARY'S ROOM ~ DAY
text: ANOTHIR ANGLE + Mary is at the dressing table,
text: completing her toilette. On the dresser is the fan
text: magazine, lying opene She looks down at it and turns
text: a page. Registers delight. She cuts the Picture
text: (€lark Gable.) from the magazine and gazes admiringly
text: at it.
text: SOUND TH PHONOGRAPH IS STILL PLAYING
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 4 INT. MARY'S ROOM = DAY
text: CLOSE UP Mary's mirror. Pictures of various well
text: known stars are pasted on mirror, the CAM@RA PANS
text: to show quick flashes of each picture. The picture
text: which Mary now pastes (or possibly pins to draperies
text: pehind mirror) is definitely that of Clark Gable.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK showing Mary ready to leave.
text: The phonograph runs down ag Mary is picking up hat.
text: She goes overto turn phonograph motor off. They
text: she plays a scene to Gable's photograph.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: {playing scene to Sable's photo ~-
text: in a decided Garbo voice and manner)
dialog: Goodbye, Darlink. I luff you. I luff you,
dialog: my poor darlink. Oh, how I mees you --~
text: (she switches suddenly from the Garbo
text: voice and manner as she finishes the
dialog: sentence)
dialog: ~-~ you great big, handsome lug! (1)
dialog: (decidedly tough; she goes out of
dialog: door with a grand manner)
dialog: 
dialog: bm
scene_heading: OF MARY oO AP ARLMUGN t= DAL
dialog: 
text: MOVING SHOT ~ We FOLLUGW Mary along hall. As she
text: walks she is stopped by & grandly dressed gentleman
text: of middlewage. He is clad in silk topper, morning
text: coat and gardenia, striped trousers etc. He is
text: carrying & small make-up box. He looks like a
text: bored banker.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh, Miss Svans, would you lend me a
dialog: quarter? I haven't got the carfare out
dialog: to Universal. (2)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Got a job, eh? ‘What'tll the landlord think?
dialog: (she fumbles in her purse) (3)
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Itm getting.ten bucks for a bit. But
dialog: the director said it was a part that'll
dialog: stand oute (4)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gives him the quarter)
dialog: Don’t forget the little girl that gave
dialog: you a start. (5)
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE ©
scene_heading: EXT, EOLLYWOCD BOULEVARD STORE = DAY
text: Mary walks down street, CAM‘RA FOLLOWING her.. She
text: stops before a store window, where there is a wax
text: model, modernistic, on which is a gorgeous evening
text: gown. As she looks at it, there is a DISSOLVE
text: showing Mary herself (as though in 4 dream) in the
text: same gown that is on the model. Suddenly a man
text: comes behind her -(in the dream) and begins to raise
text: her dress as though to remove it. Mary's face
text: registers consternation. She is aroused from her
text: dream and we see & man in the store-window, taking
text: the dress from the mannikin, leaving it nude- Mary,
text: roused from her dream, walks out of scene, a bit
text: deflated.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 
scene_heading: ___EXT, HOLLYWO@ BOYUBVARD,;GRAUMAN'S CHINESE - Day
text: LONG SHOT - hiary comes into lobby of theatre. There
text: are signsof activity. Carpets awe being laid, a
text: cluster of sun-arc lights are being rolled wross
text: the lobby. A big sign says:
speaker_heading: GALA OPENING
speaker_heading: TONIGHT
scene_heading: WORLD PREMIERE OF
scene_heading: ALICH DURANT'S GREATEST FICIURE
scene_heading: “SECRET LOVE" —
scene_heading: SEE THE ST4RS IN FERSON
text: Mary stops te fore a large easel on which a poster
text: pears the picture of alice Dyrant in the arms of
text: the leading man. As Mary stands there, a DISSOLVE
text: shows her own face taking the place of that of
text: Alice. <A theater attendant moves the easel to let
text: a sun-arc past and the face DISSOLVES back to that
text: of Alice. Mary drops he purse and looks dom as
text: she stoops to recover purse.
speaker_heading: Cur 70
speaker_heading: —
scene_heading: EXT, CHINESE THEATRE DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT - As Mary is recovering purse, she sées
text: she is standing on one of the cement blocks in te
text: lobby of the Chinese Theatre. The foot-prints of
dialog: Norma Talmedge (or who have you) are in the
text: particular block where Mery is standing. The name
text: of the star is witten there. We see Mary step
dialog: into the impressions of the Talmadge (or what have
dialog: you) prints. a dissolve stows the Talmadge name
dialog: fading ani the neme "Mary Evans" witten ther.
text: Then we see a janitor's floor-brush strike against
text: her feet. ‘The feet move, and as the orush moves
text: across the prints, we see it rub out the prints
dialog: and the name "Mary vans".
speaker_heading: LaP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. _HROuN DERBY - LATS AFTERNOON
text: 4s Mary coms into the shot, anold woman holds
text: out some gardenias for er to buy. She moves in.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 20. INT. FROWN DERBY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: TRUCKING SHOT - Mary walks grandly into the place.
text: She passes the salad and cold-cut counter, at which
text: stands a dark~complexionei, sheikish employee. He
text: looks like Ramon Navarro and se@is out of place in
dialog: his employment.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in pass ing)
dialog: Hello, cold cuts. (6)
text: She hurries on ~ passes a booth where two movie
text: executives are sitting.
speaker_heading: FIRST EXECUTIVE
dialog: Women like dark complected mem. (7)
speaker_heading: SEC OND EXECUTIVE
dialog: It's a good pat. I think you're right,
dialog: the Latin types are coming ba&k. Remember
dialog: what I told... (8)
text: His voice trails as Nery passes. She ges by a
text: table at which two men anda womn are sitting.
speaker_heading: SECOND 1.aN .
text: (at a table halfway toward kitchen -
text: tohis companions, bragging) .
dialog: And wes I drunk, and.was she beautiful?
dialog: Well, the next day I... (9)
text: His voice als trails of f amid laughter as Mary
text: passes. She keeps walking, passes another men at
text: telephone. He is excited and apparently is bargain-
text: ing. He is an insipid fellow.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: Why should I take less? I'm worth twenty-
dialog: five hundred a week of anybody's money. I
dialog: got a name, I'm box office. You ougit to
dialog: know... (10)
speaker_heading: CONT INUED
dialog: 
text: His voice also trails as Mary comes to booth where
text: Muto is sitting by himself. Muto gives her the eye.
text: Nick is standing by Muto. This part of the set is
text: near the kitchen door. Nick looks at Mary with
dialog: disapproval.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Lary)
dialog: what's the matter with your watch? (11)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've got an electric clock and forgt
dialog: to pay the bill. (12)
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe you're too good for this job? (13)
dialog: (he walks away)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (calling after h im)
dialog: Listen, you heel, are you that dumb you
dialog: don't know I'm sticking here -
dialog: (gives him the big Garbo business)
dialog: -because I got a great beeg love for
dialog: you? (14) .
text: (she goes into the kitchen. Muto
text: takes in the scene.)
speaker_heading: Lak DISSOLVE TQ
dialog: 
text: Mary comes out of kitchen door, backwards. She is
text: carrying a tray on which there are many sugar bowls.
text: She puts traydown on a serving table and then takes
text: a full bowl cf sugar to Muto's table. She pays no
text: attention to him as she replaces the empty sugar
text: bowl on Muto's table with the full one. He reaches
text: over andtales her hami. She looks at him with
text: restrained disgust.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: vit Se
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: Listen, Sugar. Do you want to ep in
dialog: pictures? I just wrote a great part for
dialog: agirl like you. (15)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (tales her hend away)
dialog: Why don't you stick to ble kmailing? (16)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: (he is sore - th rateningly)
dialog: Want me to call Nick over? (t7)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sure. Call him over and tell about that
dialog: seventeen-year-old girl you put in
dialog: pictures.
dialog: (Muto is perturbed)
dialog: and I'll call your editor and tell him
dialog: he's got e keyhole-peeper and a black-
dialog: mailer for acolumnist. (18)
dialog: (She goes to table where two dear
dialog: old laiies are sitting)
speaker_heading: ONG OLD L MY
dialog: (sizes Mary up with approval - to
dialog: luar y )
dialog: What a beautiful girl! Why arentt you
dialog: in the movies, dear? (19)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's what I wonder myself. (20)
speaker_heading: SECOND OLD LADY
dialog: You're the prettiest girl we've seen. (21)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to second old lady)
dialog: That's awfully sweet of you. You'll see
dialog: me in pictures same day. (22)
speaker_heading: C OW INUED
dialog: be
scene_heading: YUN LINY.
dialog: Ly
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD LaDY
dialog: Our brother owns a theatre bac:k in Muncie,
dialog: Indiana. His name's James licGuire. Ever
dialog: hear abouthim? (23)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sure. Who hasn't? (24)
text: They smile as she ges out of the scem.
dialog: cur _ To
scene_heading: ___INT. FROWN DERBY - EARIY BV ENING
text: THIRD MAN, as in Scene 10. He's closing his
text: telephone conversation. Mary stanis beside him
dialog: to take order. .
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: (over telephore )
dialog: That's my price. I just got through
dialog: meking a personal appearance tour over
dialog: the Falsy-Walsy Circuit and I'm box
dialog: office. I got boxoffice sticking out
dialog: ell over me. So long.
text: (he hangs up and looks up at Mary)
dialog: Well, what you got? (25)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I got box office, too. (26)
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: (who has no sense of humor)
dialog: Iwant somecold mts. (27)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Alotof ham? (28)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 13, ___INT, BROWN DERBY = EARLY EVENING
dialog: 14
dialog: ~
text: SECOND MAN, asin Scene 10. He is still bragging.
text: He is a homely, loud-mouthed fellow.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: (to his companions ,bragging )
dialog: And was she beautiful and ws I ores)
dialog: 29
text: Mer y looks at the sugar-bowl and finds it is almost
text: full, so she passes on.
speaker_heading: cuz TO
scene_heading: _2NT._BROWN DERBY -_ BskiY EVENING
dialog: First EsECUTIVE, as'in Scene 10. They are still
text: talking shop. One executive is witing on table
text: eloth. <A CLOSEUP of table cloth stows a column
dialog: of figures.
speaker_heading: FIRLT EXECUTIVE
dialog: Women are getting fed up with blonde
dialog: types. (30)
speaker_heading: SECOND EXECUTIVES
dialog: Like I said, the Latin types are coming
dialog: back .
dialog: (Mary is putting sugar into the bowl)
dialog: Look at Clark Gable. He's through. The
dialog: Latin types... (31)
text: His voice trails as Mary gos toward salad counter.
text: She stops to put down her sugar tray.
dialog: cur to
dialog: 
dialog: Mary and the Salad haa.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: An order of cold cuts for hr.Box Uffice.
dialog: (confident ial)
dialog: Listen, the Latin types are coming beck.
dialog: I just heard that -
dialog: (she mds off)
dialog: -big prodwer cracking to his 13
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CcLD cuUTS
dialog: What did I tell you?
dialog: (he is holding a big salem i am
dialog: gestures with it)
dialog: You can fool some of the people all the
dialog: time, but you can't never fool the
dialog: American women. They want the sophis-
dialog: ticated love. (33)
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll take a good old-fashioned cowboy.
dialog: (34)
speaker_heading: cur TQ
scene_heading: 16___. EXT. BROwN DERBY RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Carey and Gardenia woman. Carey drives up in his
text: Rolls Royce town car. His man, James , hands him
text: from the car. Mr. Carey is rather slopped. The
text: Gardenia woman holds ot her wares,
speaker_heading: GARDENIA W CMAN
dialog: Will you have a gardenia for yur button-
dialog: hole, Mr. Carey? (35)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Itll buy them all. (36)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: All of them? (37)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Yes, mother.
dialog: (brings out handful of bills)
dialog: I'll control the gardenia market,
dialog: Then nobody else will have any and
dialog: I'll get all the gins.
dialog: Ceives her the mowy)
dialog: Here you are. (38)
speaker_heading: WOLAN
dialog: You don't need gardenias to get girls,
dialog: lur. Garey. (39)
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Just for that I'm going to send you
dialog: home in my car. (40)
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, Mr. Carey... (41)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (to James)
dialog: Take her home, James. — (42)
text: (He hands her into car, meanwhile
text: holding box of gardenias under one
dialog: am -- he kisses herhmd.as he
text: leans into car ani. says goodbye)
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (as they start off)
dialog: Thanks somuch, Mr. Carey. Don't forget
dialog: me in yournext picture... I'd be arother
dialog: Marie Dressler. (43)
speaker_heading: T 79
scene_heading: 17! INT, BROWN DERBY - EVENING
text: TRUCKING SHOT -+ Carey with gardenia box under arn.
text: As he passes booths and tables, he imitates flower
text: girl tossing his blossoms. When he gets to table
text: occupied by Executives of Scenes 10 and 14, he seems
text: to be tired. Executives leaving table are being
text: helped into coats by Nick. All the while during
text: Carey's gardenia march, there is a succession of
text: greetings, to each of which he replies with
dialog: ‘What's new?"
scene_heading: INC. DENTAL
dialog: Hello, Carey?
dialog: Going to a funeral?
dialog: Good evening, Mr.. Carey! (44)
text: As Carey reaches table which is being deserted by
text: movie executives, Carey collides with a mannishly
text: dressed woman, who is on her way out. She gives
dialog: hina dirty look.
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (to mannish wanan)
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
text: (she gives him a glare and moves out
text: of scene. He looks after her, hold-
dialog: ing a.gardenia towards her, off)
dialog: Who'll buy my violets? (45)
dialog: cur 20.
scene_heading: 18 INT, BROWN DERBY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: “Carey and Nick. Nick motions for Carey to sit at
text: table where Movie Executives have been dining.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Congratulations, Mr. Carey! (46)
speaker_heading: ConrrmuED
speaker_heading: FS
scene_heading: 1g_____—sCONT ENED
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: For what? (47)
speaker_heading: NIcK
dialog: (indulgen tly)
dialog: For the fine picture they're
dialog: opening tonight. (48)
dialog: (claps hands for waitress)
text: Carey sits down. Looks at figures written on
text: tablecloth.
speaker_heading: cor TO
scene_heading: 19 INT. BROWN DERBY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Mary and another waitress. They are filling glasses
text: with water. Mary nudges the waitress.
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: There's Carey} in one of your booths.
dialog: Let me wait on him, will you? I gave
dialog: you Wallace Beery last week. (49)
speaker_heading: WaITRESS
dialog: Okay, but how much bonus do I get? (50)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You can have the tip. I'm looking
dialog: for a break.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: and I'm going to get it, (51)
dialog: (she moves off to Carey)
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 20 INT. BROWN DERBY - NIGHT
text: Muto. He looks off at Carey. Is interested.
text: Gets up.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 21 INT. BROWN DERBY - NIGHT
text: Mary is starting to change tablecloth on
text: Carey's table.
speaker_heading: CaRZY
dialog: {he has a pencil. Looking
dialog: at column of figures)
dialog: Just a minute. Last tablecloth I ate
dialog: on Was ten thousand dollars short.
dialog: Bring me six glasses of water. Six
dialog: separate glasses, (52)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Going to put out a fire? (55 )
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: I said six glasses. (54)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: and how many pots of coffee? (55)
text: Muto enters scene. Carey pays no attention to him.
text: Muto sits down.
speaker_heading: CaRSY
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: One pot of black coffee. «und six glasses
dialog: of water.
dialog: (to Muto, whom Carey evidently
text: dislikes, pointedly, as though
dialog: Muto were still standing)
dialog: Won't you have a seat? (56)
scene_heading: ts CONTINUED -
speaker_heading: 2l____conTENUED
dialog: Mary goes
text: out of scene.
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: How about giving me a full page ad
dialog: for the new picture, Carey? (57)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Every hour you're out of jail you're
dialog: away from home. (58)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: Somebody's been knocking me to you.
dialog: What you got against me? (59)
speaker_heading: CaRaYy
dialog: Your parents for one thing. They should
dialog: have known better, Every time I read that
dialog: column of yours, I burn up. «am I keeping
dialog: you from going some place? (60)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: You got me all wrong. I'm only trying
dialog: to get along.
text: (Mary enters with a tray bearing
dialog: & pot of coffee, cup and saucer,
dialog: silver, napkin and six glasses
dialog: of water, She puts them on the
text: table. He ogles her)
dialog: Hello, sugar! (61)
text: Mary ignores his greeting,
speaker_heading: ‘ CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 21 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CaREY
text: (he takes each glass of water as
text: it is handed hin and puts gardenias
dialog: in the glasses - to Mary)
dialog: Here!
text: {he pushes one glass with
dialog: gardenias toward her)
dialog: Take this to those dear old ladies. (62)
dialog: (looks off)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: Can you spare it? (65)
dialog: (she takes glass and gardenia
dialog: and moves off)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: I hear you got a wow of a picture. (64)
speaker_heading: CaRLY
dialog: I bet they count the silver every time
dialog: you eat here. (65)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 22. CIN, BROWN DERBY - NIGHT
dialog: Same two old ladies of Scene 1l.
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (setting glass down with gardenias)
dialog: Mr, Carey -
dialog: (nodding off)
dialog: - sent this to you. (66)
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD LADY
text: (looking off, nodding and
dialog: smiling; to her companion)
dialog: Myra, it's the man I said resembled
dialog: Brother Jim. (67)
speaker_heading: ConTIED
dialog: fs
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SECOND OLD LaDY
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: How thoughtful! Who is he, dear? (68)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maximilian Carey, the great director.
text: His picture, "Secret Love," opens
dialog: tonight at Grauman's Chinese. (69)
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD LaDY
dialog: I wonder if he could put us in one of
dialog: his pictures? (70)
dialog: our 70
scene_heading: INT, BROW! DERBY - WIGHT
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Miss! Oh, Miss! Bring me a telephone.
dialog: (to Muto)
dialog: Seeing you reminded me of something
dialog: unpleasant, Thanks, (71)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: (rises and moves out)
dialog: If that's the way you feel. (72)
dialog: cur Du
dialog: 24
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - NIGH?
text: Mary brings telephone and plugs it in. Carey is
text: trying to manage his coffee, but is shaking and
dialog: having difficulty.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What you need is a couple of straws. (73)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That's a good idea, Bring me the straws
text: that broke the camel's back.
dialog: (into telephone)
dialog: Gladstone 1025.
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: What's a pretty girl like you doing ina
dialog: place like this? (74)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm just studying human nature. (75)
speaker_heading: CaRuy
dialog: (he gets his number -
dialog: Mary stands by)
dialog: Hello: That you, sweetheart? Believe
dialog: it or not, you can't guess where I'm at.
dialog: What's that? You don't give a what?
dialog: Neither do I.
dialog: (the party on the other end
text: evidently hangs up. He jiggles
dialog: the receiver-rest
dialog: Hello ... Hello!
text: (he hangs up and turns to Mary)
dialog: Now did I say anything that would insult
dialog: a lady? (76)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: No -- I thought you were awful sweet
dialog: to her. (77)
speaker_heading: CON'
dialog: 
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 24 CONT DYED
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: That's my trouble. Just sweet. I was
dialog: going to take a lady to the Opening. I
dialog: forgot to go get her, and she forgot
dialog: to be a lady. (78)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But, Mr. Carey, people don't realize
dialog: you're a genius. (79)
speaker_heading: CaRBY
dialog: Do you know something? I once proposed
dialog: to a woman for saying just that,
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Then she turned around and sued me for
dialog: fifty grand. (80) .
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: Sued you for being a genius? (81)
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: No. Sued me for fifty thousand soliers}
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Anyway, you got a lot on the ball and
dialog: don't let anybody kid you. (83)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: You're the smartest girl I met tonight.
dialog: When I ordered six glasses you brought
dialog: tem and didn't ask what for? Or did you?
dialog: Well, now I'm going to ask you something
dialog: else, and don't ask me what for?
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Will you go with me to the Opening of my
dialog: picture? (84)
speaker_heading: CONT TNUED
speaker_heading: FS
dialog: 24
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: COUTINUZD
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (takes it big)
dialog: Itve never been to an Opening, I mean,
dialog: of course I'li go. But what will
dialog: people think? (85)
speaker_heading: CaRuY
dialog: Thinking is a lost art. (86 )
speaker_heading: TARY
dialog: I haven't got any evening clothes, but
dialog: I got the cutest dress, Just like the
dialog: one Jean Summers wears. Gee! Will I
dialog: got And you won't be ashamed of me.
dialog: I gt plenty of ambition. I don't know
dialog: it all, but I catch on. I'll go change.
dialog: Where'll I meet you? Down at the ion
dialog: 87
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: Out in front at my car. (88)
text: Mary puts his bill on table. She goes out. Carey
text: rises, squints at bill, and moves toward door.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. BROUN DERBY - NIGI?
text: MED. SHOT. Uniformed doorman is just closing, some-
text: body's car door. Car drives off. Carey cones
dialog: from restaurant.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Taxi, Mr. Carey? (89)
speaker_heading: GSONTINUED
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: No. Where's my car? (90)
speaker_heading: DO ORM
dialog: Don't you remember, lir. Carey? You
dialog: sent your car away with the old
dialog: flower woman. (91)
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh. (92)
text: (he looks off and sees:)
speaker_heading: K
scene_heading: EXT. STRUET - BROW DURBY - WIGHT
text: M&D. SHOT. A battered Ford is stalled about eight
text: feet off the curb and other cars are trying to pass
text: it and honking. Aman is trying to crank it,
text: sweating and swearing. He gets so mad he kicks
text: the tire. Carey enters scene.
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: If she turns over, I'll buy her.
text: The man gives him a look, then gives the cara
text: mighty heave and she turns over.
speaker_heading: CaREY (cont'd)
dialog: ah! How much? (93)
speaker_heading: CONT DUD
dialog: fs
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well, would thirty-five dollars
dialog: be too steep? (94)
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: Make it fifty and I'll take it. (95)
text: (he peels off three bills
dialog: and hands to man)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 27 EXT. STOCK SHOT GRaUMaN's CHD
dialog: This shot is for atmospheric purposes and build-up
text: for the evening's progression. Actual scenes, stock
text: shots, people at microphone, but no identifications.
dialog: &
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 28 INT. BROWN BERBY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The locker room in Brown Derby. Mary is almost
text: dressed to so out. Another waitress is there,
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Youtre not going to the opening
dialog: dressed like that? (96)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why not? You got to be different to be
dialog: a success in Hollywood. and I'm stepping
text: out with the big shot that gave birth to
dialog: this opera. Baby, won't I look swell -
dialog: riding up in a Rolls-Royce} (97)
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I will admit I never seen anybody
dialog: look bad in a Rolls, (98)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: and you never will. (99)
text: Nick comes in.
speaker_heading: NICI
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Why ain't you out there tending
dialog: to business? (100)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: Nick, I just heen invited to the
dialog: opening. (101)
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: All right, Miss Hollywood. If that's
dialog: the way you feel. You're all washed
dialog: up. Through. (102)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (sweeping grandly from the room;
dialog: speaking as tough as nails)
dialog: In your Brown Derby! (103)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 29 EXT. BROWN DURBY - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Carey and Mary. There is a dilapidated Ford at
text: the curb. An open car that looks as though it
text: had lost the World War. Carey bows and offers to
text: hand Mary into the car, Carey wears his monocle
dialog: here and in earlier shots.
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (rather suspicious)
dialog: What is this, a gag? (104)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
dialog: 25
dialog: 29 con =D
speaker_heading: CARDY
dialog: 
dialog: No. (108)
speaker_heading: mee MARY
dialog: You taking me just for a laugh? (106)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: woman hdéme and forgot all about it.
dialog: You know? ..J-saw this standing here
dialog: andbought it. Fifty bucks. Come on,
dialog: get in. You know the motto of
dialog: Hollywood - itts all in_fun... ;{107)
dialog: 
dialog: att a-hola it" toge ther
dialog: Wil you “arive. (108)
dialog: 
text: They get in and the car starts off.
dialog: 
dialog: *
scene_heading: SOUND MOTOR STARTING
dialog: LAP DISSOLVE outt ?”
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: SL
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: FULL VIEW of the crowd at the opening. General
text: scene. Incidental voices of announcers against
text: noises of crowd.
speaker_heading: INCIDENTAL NOISES
dialog: Listen, folks, here comes Richard Dix
dialog: and his beautiful wife. :
dialog: Here is James K. McGuinness, Supervisor
dialog: of "State's Attorney".
dialog: The celebrities are coming so thick and
text: fast, it's hard to tell the thick from
dialog: the fast. (109)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: &
scene_heading: EX? CHINESE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Carey and Mary in traffic, with
text: two extraordinarily fine cars before them at curb
dialog: before theatre.
text: CLOSE UP of Mary and Carey.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Gee, but you're swell. You let people
dialog: laugh at you, and all the time you're
dialog: laughing at them. (110)
text: He gives her a grateful look, revealing that she
dialog: has analyzed his character perfectly.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: SOUND
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ Looking toward curb with people
text: approaching a microphone beside which stands a
text: woman who has the appearance of an actress after
text: age has caught up with her.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Miss Kitty Knickerbocker will again take
text: over the microphone and ‘describe a few of
dialog: the creations these beautiful, gorgeous
dialog: stars are wearing to the opening of this
dialog: epic, ~ colossal, terrific masterpiece.
dialog: Miss Kitty... (111)
speaker_heading: MISS KITTY
text: Miss Georgie Van Raalte, the ingenue of
dialog: this picture is wearing... (112)
dialog: (NOTE; Miss Pemberton will oblige with description)
dialog: ~ cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT. The Star, Alice Durant, is being helped
text: out of her car by two attendants. There is much
text: applause. Saxe gets out of car after her.
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE
text: Alice gets out, bows, more applause. Her car pulis
text: out. As she comes closer, it is seen that she has
text: much too many orchids. Saxe is escorting her. A
text: CLOSE SHOT shows him beaming. As they walk, they
text: hear a terrific peal of laughter. They both turn.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: That fool! (113)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 33,
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: I tell you, hets a genius. (114)
text: THE CAMERA FOLLOWS Saxe and Alice a short way and
text: then PANS BACK, holding scene at curb, where Carey is
text: handing Mery from the car. There is much excitement
text: and honking of horns.
text: HONKING OF HORNS AND LAUGHTER
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: But, Mr. Carey.
dialog: (he is flustered)
dialog: You can't leave your car there. (115)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: My good fellow, it's yours. (116)
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: But I have a car. (117)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: This one's paid for. (118)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 54 EXT. CHINESE THEATRE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: 2S ee
dialog: Saxe and Alice at microphone-
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (very low, lazy voice)
dialog: Hello, everybody. Zverybody, hello.
dialog: Charmed. (119)
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And now, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to
dialog: introduce the man who produced this epic
dialog: picture. Mr. Julius Saxe, owner of
dialog: Olympic Pictures, (120)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (excited )
dialog: Hello, everybody. Hello, Mama. Oh, Mama,
dialog: the picture is going to be a big success.
text: It is terrific. Sold out for a week in
dialog: advance. I am glad to tell you this, Mama.
dialog: I hope this makes your rheumatism feel wh
dialog: better. Now everybody come see "Secret
dialog: Love* and get an education. I am the only
dialog: producer that thinks the audience is older
dialog: than fourteen. I think the audience is
dialog: nineteen at the very most. Goodnight,
dialog: Mama. You can go to bed nowe
text: While Saxe is talking the CAMERA PULLS BACK and
dialog: includes Carey and Mary.
text: Saxe by now is in the seventh heaven. He notices
text: Carey, who stands dourly beside Mary. Saxe even
text: smiles at Mary. Mary is holding Carey's hand in a
text: forthright, girlish fashion.
speaker_heading: SAXE (cont'd)
dialog: (to Carey)
dialog: Oh, here is Max Carey, my genius director.
dialog: He vill say a few vurds. Maxie, sey
dialog: something over the microscope. (121)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: My dear friends, I owe all my success to
dialog: Beef, Iron and “line, (122)
text: (he gives a raucous raspberry)
text: He is about to continue when the micronhone-man
text: hastily intervenes.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Excuse the static, folks. (123)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That wasn't static.
dialog: “ (Mary is laughing)
dialog: Now, I'll introduce that great heroine,
dialog: Mademoiselle from armentiers. (124)
dialog: (turns to Mary)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (over mike) .
dialog: Legionaires, I'm sorry I'm not really
dialog: Mademoiselle from Armentiers, that you
dialog: sang so mich about in the war. I'm just
dialog: Mary Evans, and some day I hone youtll
dialog: sing about my dramatic ability like you
dialog: did about Medemoiselle's cooking. I
dialog: thank you all.
text: {she turns and nauses. She locks
dialog: off)
speaker_heading: cur _TO
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE THEATRI: - NIGHT
text: A CLOSE SHOT of Kitty Knickerbocker eyeing Mary's
text: plain outfit and shaking her head. She is desoribing
text: the outfit of the star over a separate hook-up.
dialog: (Miss Pemberton will again oblige) This description
text: has been heard as a tonal background, faintly, during
dialog: Scene 32-
speaker_heading: cur_TO
scene_heading: EXT, CHINESE THEATRE + NIGHT
speaker_heading: MARY (cont'd)
text: (speech as though continued over
dialog: mike from Scene 34) ‘
dialog: And I suppose, friends you want to know
dialog: what I am wearing tonight. ‘Yell, it's a
text: rather simple little ensemble, in very
dialog: good taste.
dialog: (Details to be supplied by Mrs.
dialog: Pemberton and ending with: )
dialog: And what's more, I earned the money to buy
dialog: ¢he material and then made it myself. So
dialog: dontt believe all the bad things you hear
dialog: about Hollywood. (125)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: See
scene_heading: EXT. CAREY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: On tov of a hill.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CAREY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Curey is asleep, partly dressed in trousers and
text: dress shirt, with bare feet and a monocle in
text: his eye. We don't see the front of his shirt
dialog: at this point.
text: As we FADE IN the telephone is ringing. It
text: rings twice. Carey opens one eye and then
text: reaches over and removes receiver, dropping
text: it on the table. Then he groans and turns over.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. CORNER OF HALL - DAY -
text: James, a valet and general house-man, is
text: answering, telephone.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes, Mr. Saxe. He's still sleeping,
dialog: Mir. Saxe «-. Oh, no, not intoxicated,
dialog: merely exhausted, sir... I'll give
dialog: him all your messages as soon as he
speaker_heading: wakes UD-
dialog: (or)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Saxe. He's still sleeping ..-
dialog: Oh, no, not unconscious ++. sleeping like
dialog: a baby. But Itll give him all your
dialog: messages as soon as he wakens- (126 )
text: He hangs up with a look of comic despair and
text: starts out.
speaker_heading: cur TO
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SN ae
dialog: 
dialog: Al
dialog: =
speaker_heading: SOUND
text: Carey is slowly getting out of bed in a half
text: daze. He wets his lips sourly. James enters.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Good morning, Mr- Carey- Mr+ Saxe has
dialog: called several times. He seemed in
dialog: quite a temver. (127)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Goodt Maybe he'll have apoplexy. (128)
text: Carey goes into the bathroom and James, seeing the
text: telephone receiver off, replaces it.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. CAREY'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - DAY -
text: Carey is preparing for a gargle- At the beginning
text: of this shot, we see him before his bathroom
text: medicine closet (over wash bowl). The door of the
text: closet is open and Carey is selecting a tremendously
text: large bottle of Listerine. He does not bother to
text: get glass, but takes a slug of Listerine and starts
text: gargling as he shuts medicine closet door. He
text: sets down the great bottle as the door closes and
text: he glimpses self in mirror. He sees some hand-
text: writing on his shirt front and is puzzled, as it is
dialog: (of course) in reverse in mirror. Evidently think-
text: ing he hes the jitters, he knocks over the huge
dialog: bottle.
text: OF DROPPING BOTTLE AND CRASH OF GLASS
text: Then he spurts the Listerine against mirror and
text: carefully picks way through broken glass. (Shot of
text: seared feet on tiled floor, with shards of glass
text: show ing) James comes into scenes He is carrying
text: a whiskey bottle.
dialog: our To
speaker_heading: ANS 6 VAR CE Oe Ne
text: James and Carey at bathroom door, the latter is
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: James, did I cut my feet -- I'm afraid
dialog: to look? (129)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Looks down)
dialog: I don't see any cuts, sir. (130)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: {takes bottle and drinks)
dialog: James --
dialog: (gestures to shirt-front)
dialog: -- will you read this fan letter? (131)
dialog: (NOTE: Make JAMES -
dialog: confom to (reading While Carey is drinking)
text: Miss Bennett) ‘Mary Evans. Five feet, three inches,
dialog: weight 102 pounds, complexion blonde,
text: sings end swims, rides horseback.
dialog: Telephone: Gladstone 5309." (132)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (takes pencil from James' breast
text: pocket. Holds bottle up to light,
text: squints, then carefully marks it at
text: Liquor level, and gives James a
dialog: knowing look}
dialog: I wonder who -- (133)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It must have been the young lady. (134)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (hands bottle and pencil back to
dialog: James )
dialog: Did I bring somebody home last night? (135)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, sir. Somebody brought you home
dialog: this morning.
dialog: (James nods his head, off)
dialog: She's asleep in the library- (136)
text: James goes out. Carey looks mystified. He glances
text: at his bed and then at the door. He picks up a
dialog: dressing gown+
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. CAREY'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: The alcove where Carey's liquor cabinet is located.
text: James is about to put the bottle in closet. He
text: looks around knowingly, then examines mark on label,
text: takes a healthful swig, remarks the bottle and puts
text: it away. The telephone rings off scene. James
text: goes to answer.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. CAREY'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: The Library. Mery is asleep, curled up in a huge
text: chair. & robe of coyote skins, really a rug, is
text: draped over her. carey is leaning above her. He
text: watches her for a few moments. She rouses, seems
dialog: at sea.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gives a Little start)
dialog: Oh ... (137)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: What's new? Did you have a nice sleep?
dialog: (138)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've only been asleep a little while.
dialog: I was out on your verandah looking at the
dialog: city lights. Gee, it's swell up here on
dialog: the mountains So clean and quiett (139)
speaker_heading: ~CAREY
dialog: Just what happened last night? (140)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, nothing. You passed out in the
dialog: middle of the picture. (141)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Was it that bad? (142)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It was well directed, but that damet
dialog: And was she leg-conscioust (143)
text: James enters, apologetically.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Excuse me, sire It's Mr. Saxe again.
dialog: He asks what youtre doing? (144)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Well, James, you tell him we're all
dialog: having a wonderful time and we wish
dialog: he were here and I'il write later. (145)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: vt
speaker_heading: JAMZS
dialog: {ealmly) -
dialog: Thank you, sir. (146)
dialog: (he withdraws)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (turns to Mary)
dialog: Didn't I insult somebody last night?
dialog: I'ye a vague memory of ..-. (147)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nobody but Muto. You tripped him when he
dialog: was walking down the aisle. And, boy,
dialog: was I worried you'd lose your monoclet
dialog: (148)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (laughs - then, frankly)
dialog: May I ask you something very personal?
dialog: (149)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why not? (150)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Just where and how did I meet you? (151)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: At the Brown Derby. I bought you from
dialog: another waitress. (152)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Bought me?
dialog: _ (remembering)
dialog: oh, yes «.. you work there. (153)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ir
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. I did, but I gave up my job for you,
dialog: palsy-walsy- (154)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (pours drink from decanter on low
text: table. Sits on arm of chair. There
text: is a French telephone on the table)
dialog: Well ... (155)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I suppose you want to know how ET got up
dialog: here? You were plastered. I brought you
text: home in a cab. The driver and I carried
dialog: you up this mountain. All you did was
dialog: yodel. «A big helps (156)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: And you were so charmed by my yodeling
dialog: you couldn't leave me. (157)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, I'm looking for a break in pictures.
dialog: I thought you might give me a chance. (158)
speaker_heading: CaRZY
dialog: What do you know about that? (159)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, I'm no wise guy, but I believe in
dialog: myself. All I need is a break.
text: (notices him as he keeps pouring
dialog: drinks)
dialog: Anyway, do you have to drink all the
dialog: time? Why don't you stop. the heavy
dialog: swilling? (160)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: What? snd be bored. all the time? Ever
dialog: work in pictures? (161)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not yet. But I keep hanging around Central
dialog: Casting. Say, will you write them a letter
dialog: for me? (162)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I'll do better than that. You're a great
dialog: kid. I yodeled, dié I° I didn't do
dialog: anything else ... I mean --- (263)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I know what you mean. No. Ané it was
dialog: a novelty. (164)
speaker_heading: GAREY
dialog: (rather sadly)
dialog: I guess Itm slipping. Well, what's new?
dialog: I'll tell you. You come to the studio
dialog: tomorrow morning and come on my set. (165)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Gee, thatts great! (166)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Now, Itm sending you home in my car.
dialog: (very confidentially)
dialog: Itm giving you my telephone number, and
dialog: don't spill it.
dialog: (ne thinks a while)
dialog: Know something? I forgot ite Anyway,
dialog: look it up in the book. It's listed under
dialog: the name of my Chinese cook, Hip Song Lung.
dialog: You think I'm screwy, don't you? (167)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: CONLIN
scene_heading: SOUND TELEPHONE RINGS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, I know you're screwy. (168)
dialog: (she kisses him on the cheek)
text: Then she goes into hall and yodels, Cary yodels
dialog: back.
text: SOUND THO TELEPHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: FADE ouT
dialog: bs
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
scene_heading: EXT. STRE=T_- DAY
text: James is at wheel of Carey's Rolls- Royce. Mary is
text: seated grandly. Sie looks in purse and finds only
text: a quarter. She speaks to James through the tube.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (very Ritzy)
dialog: James, will you stop at the Brown Derby
dialog: and go in and ask for Mary Evan's pay-
dialog: che ck?
dialog: (James nods)
text: (she hangs up and continues to wallow
text: in grandeur -- she finds mirror and
text: compact in side fixture -- she fondles
dialog: campact -- she takes the powder puff,
text: dabs her cheek, looks in mirror;
dialog: into mirror)
dialog: Mary, you look like dog meat rie yorning.
dialog: 169
text: Mary finds an elaborate and huge cigarette case, She
text: opens it to discover an assortment of brands, She
text: takes a cigarette and then uses the car-lighter. The
text: car halts before the Brown Derby. A uniformed
text: *Buttons" comes forward but James gets out and goes
text: into restaurant. Buttons gets an eyeful of Mary, looks
text: amazed and dashes into restaurant.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - DAY
text: SHOOTING towards the street as James enters and goes
text: to Manager's Office. Buttons comes to the cash
text: counter and speaks to the cigarette girl. Nick is
text: standing there. Nick and the girl look out in amaze-
text: ment, where they see the Rolls-Royce.
speaker_heading: BUTTONS
dialog: Get a load of that, will you? (170)
text: They all register amazement and incredulity.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (slapping his chest)
dialog: You see - - - when they work for me,
dialog: they get someplace..... (171)
text: James approaches him...
speaker_heading: cur _TO
dialog: bs
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 42
scene_heading: EXT. BROWN DERBY - DAY
text: Muto sees Mary in the Rolls. He!s holding some
text: papers in his hands, He has other copies in his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: . MUTO
dialog: Well, well, sister. You've put ina good
dialog: night's work. (172)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you selling papers, my good mant (173)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: No, Lady! I write tem....and you can
dialog: consider yourself a success. You've
dialog: finally hit my column. (174)
dialog: ~
text: He hands her a copy. She takes it. Muto still
text: watching her.
speaker_heading: curT_TO
text: CLOSE UP OF MUTO'S PAPER, "THE HOLLYWOOD TATTLER"
speaker_heading: MUTO*S COLUMN:
text: “RIELING AROUND HOLLYWOOD"
dialog: (Cut of Mito in body-type)
dialog: "Producer Saxets latest atrocity ‘Secret Lovet
text: wobbled all over the screen last night. In
dialog: fairness to Director C.rey, he didn't wander as
text: much as usual. But he is slipping.
dialog: By the way, who was the little blonde that acted
text: as his main crutch at the opening? No doubt
text: she is familiar to diners at the Brown Derby.
dialog: Heighot"
dialog: bs
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
scene_heading: EXT, STREET - AT GAR = DAY 43
text: Mary folds the paper and without a word daintily
text: drops it in the gutter.
dialog: James comes from restaurant with some money which he
text: hands to Mary.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He said you only had six-fifty coming,
dialog: Miss. (175)
dialog: (takes money)
dialog: To my town house, James. (176) s
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: LONGER SHOT ~ James bows and takes his place at the
text: wheel and they drive off. -
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. SAXH STUDIO - DAY
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT, LOT - DAY
dialog: With certain amount of activity.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: ExT. LOT - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - of Mary walking along, a pink
text: studio pass in her hand. Sie is over-awed by this
text: place she has dreamed about. Se looks off and sees:
dialog: bs
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: ‘SOUND
scene_heading: Ext. LOT - DAY
scene_heading: PAN SHOTS of Administration Building, Pro jee tion
text: Building, Film Veults, Camera Building, Wardrobe, etc.
text: People hurrying in and out. Mary's eager eyes take
text: in everything -- a big truck passes her, loaded with
text: extras in costume. The next moment she hears a voice
dialog: yell:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hot points! (177)
text: Mary moves aside to let a cameraman pass. He earries
text: his tripod over his shoulder. Sound trucks pass, a
text: beautiful star passes, accompanied by her maid, with
text: make-up box. Two still cameramen are shooting pub-
text: licity pictures of some bathing girls.
text: Mary walks on and comes to entrance of stage. A bell
text: rings, but the door is open, and timidly she enters
text: and looks about, as though she were in a Cathedral.
text: The stage is enormous and at the extreme end, Carey is
text: rehearsing his company. Mary starts toward them. The
text: attendant closes the door behind Mary. More bells
dialog: ring.
dialog: "6 our _To
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT- Carey is watching as a scene is being shot.
text: The cameras are turning. The actors are speaking
dialog: their lines.
speaker_heading: CLARICE
dialog: But I saw you kiss her. (178)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I was only sorry for her. I'd do as
dialog: much for any girl. (179)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Cute
dialog: (boy .rurs out with scene numbers)
dialog: How was it for sound? (180)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Le. we Ne ana ammrarm
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: 0.K. for sound. (181)
speaker_heading: ELECTRICIAN
dialog: Kill tem. (182)
text: Lights go out.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That's all for today. (183)
scene_heading: 55 INT. SOUND STAGE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Saxe jumps up as he hears Carey speak.
text: Mary arrives at the edge of the group. Saxe goes to
dialog: Carey.
scene_heading: 56 INT. SOUND STAGE - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Why you say that's all for today? (184)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (very nasty)
dialog: Because I said three hundred extras on
dialog: the set at nine o'clock and they're not
dialog: here. (185) :
dialog: bs
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al{
speaker_heading: NE LNU LY
dialog: 20 ae 46
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: (with growing indignation)
dialog: Yes, and you said three hundred extras on
dialog: the set yesterday morning and you weren't
dialog: here! What kind of monkeyshines is this --
dialog: You're driving me crazy! I should pay
dialog: three hundred extras seven dollars and a
dialog: half a day while you sleep off a drunkt
dialog: D'you know how much is three hundred times
dialog: seven and a half? (186)
speaker_heading: CARZY
dialog: No, and neither do you. I'ma director,
dialog: not a bookkeeper. And if you want me to
dialog: finish this masterpiece, give me what TI
dialog: ask for and stay off the set: (187)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Three hundred extras is too many.....a
dialog: thousand times too many! I give you
dialog: twenty-five. (188)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: And you expect me to shoot an Embassy
dialog: Ball with twenty-five people! Maybe you
dialog: want me to play it ina aati booth.
dialog: 189
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: All right. This once I give in to you.
dialog: You can have a hundred and fifty extras.
dialog: (he stamps off) (190)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: bs
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Make tem all twins}
dialog: (then he motions to
dialog: Assistant}
dialog: My tea. (191)
text: Prop boy dashes up with a tup of whiskey. Carey
text: looks at him and grunts inquiringly. Prop boy
text: nods. Carey drinks. at this moment, Mary steps
text: up beside Carey and speaks.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Carey. (192)
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (looks at her blankly a
dialog: minute)
dialog: What's your name again? (193)
speaker_heading: MARY,
dialog: (a bit crestfallen)
dialog: Mary Evans. (194)
dialog: (and she yodels softly)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Oh..-cit's yout That's right!
dialog: {calls off scene)
dialog: Jimmie! (195)
text: Assistant hurries in.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yes, sir. (196)
speaker_heading: CaARZY
dialog: This's Miss Evans -~ for that bit part on
dialog: the stairs. Take her to the wardrobe and
text: pick out a good-looking evening dress for
dialog: her. Have her on the set, made up, at
dialog: eight this evening. (197)
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (to Mary )
dialog: Come on. (198)
speaker_heading: - MARY
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Carey. (199)
speaker_heading: JIMMIE
dialog: Come on! Sap into it! (200)
text: He starts off. Mary runs a couple of steps to catch
text: up with him. Carey takes another drink.
speaker_heading: EADE QT
dialog: Okey
dialog: 
scene_heading: iT. STATRYAY SET ~- NIGHT
dialog: Mary, Carey, Assistant and others ready to
text: start scene. Carey turns to slectrician.
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: Let's have that baby spot. We'll
dialog: rehearse this once more before we take
dialog: it. You know what you have to do Kiss
dialog: Evans. (201) .
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, sir, I think so. (202)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Dtyou know your line? (203)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (without any attempt at
dialog: inflection)
dialog: Hello, Buzzy, you haven't proposed
dialog: to me yet tonight. (204)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Thatts right. Take your position half
text: way up the stairs.
text: Mary goes half way up the stairs and.takes her .
text: position. The actor, Clark, comes and stands at the
text: foot of the stairs.
speaker_heading: CAREY (cont'd)
dialog: (calls)
dialog: All right,Miss Evans, come on. (205)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
text: Mary walks down the stairs, her knees shaking.
text: She hangs onto the rail to help herself, then
text: lets go. At the bottom, Clark steps forward to
text: meet her. Mary manages to articulate the line.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: Hello Buzzy. You haventt proposed to me
dialog: yet tonight. (206)
text: Then she is supposed to see someone off the scene
text: and her face must register fright. She does her
dialog: best with it.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: what is it Rosemary? are you i11? ~
text: (then they stop and loek at
dialog: Carey. Pause) (207)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Yes. Suppose we try it once more.
text: Come down the stairs lightly, eracefully..
dialog: Don't hang onto the railese. you're soberes.
dialog: and speak your line with more animation.
dialog: Put a little zip into it.. now remember
dialog: you're a good looking wench and youtre
dialog: going to make this poor sap down here
dialog: propose to you. Now let's try it.
text: (Mary goes back up and waits
dialog: for Carcy to speak)
dialog: All right. Come one
dialog: (Mary takes avout three steps
dialog: when he stops her)
dialog: Go back. Now don't walk on your heels,
dialog: puease, and don't clench your fists. This
dialog: sn't a fight, it's a love scene. Come Ones
dialog: be gayee smiles... (208)
text: Mary comes down the stairs, obviously on her toes,
text: with a funny springy movement. At the bottom Clark
dialog: meets heir.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PCe
dialog: Ce a neerentnen ata
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with a frightened grin)
dialog: Hello Buzzy. You haven't proposed to me
dialog: yet tonight.
text: (she giggles out consciously,
text: then looks up, and her face
dialog: changes to what she thinks is
dialog: horror) (209)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: vihat is it Rosemary? Are you i11? (210)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: All right. Wrap ‘em up. Wetll take it
text: in the morning.
dialog: (to Assistant)
dialog: You better line up another gal for me,
dialog: 4 (211)
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Yes, sir. (212)
text: Mary hears and touches’ Carey's arm. He turns and
text: sees her.
speaker_heading: LiARY
dialog: I wasn't very good, was I? (213)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Oh, you were all right. Now you
dialog: mustn't be discouraged. You keep in
dialog: touch with me. I may have something
dialog: else for you some day. (214)
speaker_heading: PCe CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED —_
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Lips trembling a bit)
dialog: I think I could do it better tomorrow.
dialog: (215)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (reaching in his pocket)
dialog: That reminds me ~ you said you left your
dialog: job. Here's some money. You're going
dialog: to get along fine. (216)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with her pride to the rescue)
dialog: Thanks, but I have plenty of money. Good
dialog: night. (217)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Good night. Let me know what's new. (218)
text: Mary hurries aways
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: How many extras for tomorrow, Mr. Carey?
dialog: (219)
speaker_heading: CARE
dialog: ‘Three hundred. (220)
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Yes, sir. (221)
speaker_heading: cur_TO
dialog: Pee
scene_heading: 58 INT. STUDIO-- NIGHT
text: TRAVELING CLOSE SHOT - Mary stumbles along,
text: plinded by tears, passing a wall and reaches the
text: revolving gate. Place camera for a STRAIGHT-ON
text: SHOT and show her come through the gate, pause and
text: try to go back - sees the gate only works one way.
text: Stands looking back a moment, then, still weeping,
text: hurries off.
speaker_heading: LaP_DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 59 EXT. MARY'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Mary, with dragging feet, comes to front door and
text: goes inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 60 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: ~ Mary slowly ascends the stairs. Half way up,
text: she gets an idea. She turns and starts gaily down
text: the stairs. As she does so, we see the landlady
text: come from a door at the rear, reaching the bottom
text: of the stairs just as Mary does.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: (who has once been in pictures
dialog: herself)
dialog: Hello, Mary. How did you get along
dialog: at the Studio today? (2224
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Oh, swell, Mrs. Bangs. I did a bit.
dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if I gota
dialog: contract. (223)
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: Now, don't be too quick signing up,
dialog: dearie. You might do better free
dialog: lancing. (224)
text: (she goes into room at bottom
dialog: of stairs)
speaker_heading: pee / CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PCe
dialog: amuses —
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 
text: Mary runs up the stairs and starts doggedly
text: rehearsing her scenee As she comes down the
dialog: stairs and says -
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Dontt walk on your heels... dontt clench
dialog: your fists... be gaye. smile... let go
dialog: the rail...smilese
dialog: (and does she smile. At the
dialog: foot of the stairs she says)
dialog: Hello, Buzzy. You haven't proposed to me
dialog: yet tonight. (225)
text: A clock in a tower begins to boom out eleven
text: otclock, at beginning of scenes
speaker_heading: LAP DIS s0LVE
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - FACE OF CLOCK - NIGHT
text: The hands move from 11 to 12 and strike. Then to
dialog: one, and strike.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Mary coming down the stairs, lightly and gracefully.
text: At the foot of the stairs she says her line
text: perfectly - provocatively.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hello, Buzzy.» You haven't proposed to
dialog: me yet tonight.
text: Then she sees the imaginary person and a look o*
text: fear and horror come over her face -
speaker_heading: CcUT_TO
speaker_heading: PCe
dialog: 63
scene_heading: INT. FRO.T DOOR - NIGHT
text: Half open, and in it stands the actor to whom
text: she gave the quarter. He applauds with evident
dialog: sincerity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Mary,smiling, pleased with herself.
speaker_heading: MARY (cont'd)
dialog: Will that knock him dead tomorrow
dialog: morning?
dialog: -or-
dialog: Wait till he asks me what's new
dialog: tomorrowt
text: (she nods her head as if to
dialog: say, “I'll show hin,"
dialog: and starts up the stairs) (226)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 65
dialog: 56
scene_heading: INT. PROTSCTION ROOM NO. 3
text: The scene FADES IN during the projection of rushes.
text: It is a Chinese war drama.
text: some wicked~looking Chinks are shown shooting
dialog: feel
text: As the scene FADES IN,
text: machine guns towards audience.
scene_heading: SOUND MACHINE GUN FIRS
text: The scene in the foreground is dim. ‘Je see
text: silhouettes only of heads,
text: A door opens. We hear Saxe's voice. He is anery.
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: K
dialog: Lights.
dialog: (the lights go up)
dialog: ~
text: ‘le see Mary, who has wandered in.
speaker_heading: SAXE (cont'd)
dialog: (thunders at Mary)
dialog: What you coming in for?
dialog: Huh?
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: Get out! (227)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (228)
dialog: (she leaves )
scene_heading: INT. PRUJSCTION BOOTH
text: Mary shown in projeotion machine booth, peeking
text: through at her picture as it is being run.
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 67 INT, PROTSCTIUN ROOM
text: The lights go off and the rushes continue. This
text: time the rushes are the scenes Carey shot with
text: Clarice and Clark followed by the bit with Mary and
dialog: Clark.
text: On the screen Mary comes down~stairs, Clark meets
text: her and it is all done exactly as re sav Mary rehearse
text: it on her stairs.
dialog: Dialogue on screen:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hello, Buzzie. You haven't proposed
dialog: to me yet tonight. (229)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: What's the matter, Rosemary? Are you au
dialog: 230
dialog: w
text: A man with slate comés before camera and is shown on
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (excitedly) .
dialog: Terrific? Who's that gorgeous creature?
dialog: (231)
text: The lights go upe
speaker_heading: CARTY
dialog: That's the little girl you just wares ay
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: SAXS
dialog: Sign her up immediately.
dialog: (turns to his secretary)
dialog: Make a note of that, Miss Spiegel. (273)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED,
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: 67, CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MISS SPIGEL
dialog: (she has a bottle and a spoon ~~
text: he pours a spoonful of medicine
dialog: and gives it to Saxe)
dialog: Yes, sire (234)
speaker_heading: SAKE -
dialog: Maybe she's a big discovery.
dialog: (to Miss Spiegel)
dialog: Tell them to run it over again so I
dialog: can see the girl. (235)
text: Miss Spiegel goes to telephone on table and rings.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 68 INT. PROJECTION MACHINE BOOTH -
text: SOUND The telephone ringse The operator lifts the
dialog: receivers
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Okay
text: : (he looks wisely at Mary and
dialog: hangs up)
dialog: He wants to look at your stuff again.
dialog: It's a good sign. (236)
text: CLOSE SEOT of Mary. Her face is a study of happiness.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (incredulously and amazed)
dialog: Gee. Thatts me talking! (237)
text: (her voice from screen carries
dialog: over her remark)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: bm
dialog: fey
scene_heading: INT. PROJZOTION ROO,
text: Saxe and Carey are sitting together. Cecil is taking
text: dictation.
speaker_heading: SAX
dialog: (finishing a cable)
dialog: Send this cable to our London office,
dialog: too. What's a big word for collosal? (238)
speaker_heading: MISS SPISGEL
dialog: Tremendous. (239)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: No. That belongs to the Burner Brothers
dialog: Studio. Take it. Have just seen rushes
dialog: of Chinese picture and it is positively
dialog: stupendous. (240)
speaker_heading: uM
speaker_heading: MISS SPIE
dialog: 
dialog: Stupendous. (241)
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: I like stupendous better'n tremendous,
dialog: don't you, Carey? (242)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: One's as bad as the other. They use
dialog: them both to describe flops. (243)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: bm
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Make it "terrifie". It sounds successful.
dialog: Terrific box-office. Terrific crowds.
dialog: Terrific talent. That's the word.
dialog: Terrific. To our New York office, copies
dialog: Mr. Huliban, Mr. Grossmiller, Mr. « »«
dialog: well, to everybody. Our new Picture,
dialog: "Clouds over China" is terrific. This
dialog: should bring standing lines pack to our
text: theaters. It is terrific.
dialog: (Carey starts out of door -~- Saxe
dialog: to Carey)
dialog: Just a minute. Where's that girl I just
dialog: threw out of here?
dialog: (to Miss Spiegel)
dialog: Vake it a day letter. (244)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I dantt know. (245)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Well, find her and bring her pack. (246)
speaker_heading: cur _TO
speaker_heading: PROJECTION BOOTH
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: He means youe (247)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (excited -- hollers through
dialog: aperture )
dialog: Itm here, Mr. Saxe. (248)
text: (then she dashes out of booth)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: bm
scene_heading: 7L_____PROJZOTION ROOM
text: Saxe looks up at aperture as if he had heard something
text: -- hets not quite sure what.
dialog: dashes ins
dialog: The next instant Mary
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hére I am, Mr. Saxe. (249)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Hm Sit down. What's your name? (250)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mary Bvans. (251)
speaker_heading: w SAXZ
dialog: Mary Evans. Well, we.can change it. (252)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (with irony) .
dialog: But Mary is a grand old name, Saxie.
dialog: Great boxoffice. (253)
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: All right. We keep it. I give you
dialog: seventy-five dollars a week for the first
dialog: three months, a hundred for the next six
dialog: months. One hundred and fifty for the
dialog: next year, five hundred for the following
dialog: year and @ thousand a week after that
dialog: until seven years. You're making 4 million
dialog: dollars. (254)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: A million dollars. (255)
speaker_heading: CONTIN si)
dialog: bm.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Ana if you make good, Itll be the
dialog: first to tear up your contract and
dialog: give you raises» Here's a dollar
dialog: in hand on a thirty~day option...,
dialog: that makes it legal.
dialog: (turns to Miss Spiegel)
dialog: Miss Spiegel, ring for all my heads of
dialog: departments... and get Mama on the
dialog: phone. I must tell her I discovered
dialog: a new stare... (256)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Who discovered a new star? (257)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Maxmilltan Carey discovered a new star...
dialog: (Saxe goes through his pockets (258)
dialog: for a piece of paper and pencil)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: You're welcome. (259)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (turns to Mary)
dialog: Your name...«. Mary Evans. (260)
dialog: (writes it down)
text: While he is figuring on her:name we hear Miss Spiege1s
dialog: yoice come cyer the scene.
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Saxe wants a1] department heads in
dialog: Projection Room Three right away. And
dialog: get Mama Saxe on the long distanceser.
dialog: Medea Baths, Mt. Clemens, Michigan. (261)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 21 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SA
dialog: It's all right. It comes out lucky.
dialog: What day were you born? (262)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: August 26, 1912. (263)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: . (calls)
dialog: Miss Spiegel. (264)
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Saxe. (265)
dialog: w
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (takes his flower from buttonhole,
dialog: smells it and returns it -- Miss
dialog: Spiegel enters)
text: Her horoscope. She was born in August.
dialog: Miss Spiegel knows all about norog eens
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL
dialog: Mr. Saxe, it's a terrific ea" The
dialog: stars are all in tune. (267
text: The heads, meanwhile, have trooped in and are
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: SAXE
text: (takes his flower out and
dialog: smells it)
dialog: Gentlemen, the stars have decreed this
dialog: young lady shall be a star of the .
dialog: highest magnitude. (268)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: bm
dialog: a1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CHORUS
dialog: Congratulations, Mr. Saxe. (269)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (to Miss Spiegel)
dialog: Did you get Mama on the phone yet? (270)
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL
dialog: (goes to telephone; over phone)
dialog: Dia you get Mama Saxe on the phone yore)
dialog: 271
speaker_heading: TWO MEN
dialog: How is your mother, Mr. Saxe? (272)
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen. Mama's rheumatism
dialog: is better, but she should not travel
text: before Venus crosses Mars.
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Mama's got rheumatism in Mt. Clemens
dialog: (to the heads)
dialog: Now, gentlemen, I tell you what we should
dialog: do, We start a national publicity campaign
dialog: about Miss Evans.... We make her a famous
dialog: siren ~ @ girl no man can resiste.. we
dialog: give her a few lovers ~ not too many .-.
dialog: just enough to make all the other women
dialog: wonder how she does it-.... you, Donald,
dialog: you think up 4 scandal we can publish
dialog: about her.e. & nice respectable scandal
dialog: that everybodytil like... if any rich
text: man commits suicide in the next few weeks,
dialog: publish a rumor she refused to marry him...
dialog: Miss Spiegel, take a note. Get her a
dialog: library. She reads only the Old Masters,
dialog: Rex Beach, Rupert Hughes, Longfellow and
dialog: Shakespeare, and some good Greek, Eugene
dialog: O'Neill. (273)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MISS SPIZGEL
dialog: Your mother, Mr. Saxe ~ on Number Seven.
dialog: (274)
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: (turning to a writer)
dialog: And Grover, I want you should write
dialog: a story for Miss Evans ««. about a woman
dialog: of flame. We got the best dialogue
dialog: writer in New York coming next week.
dialog: He will write the words. You don't have
dialog: to do nothing but write the story, the
dialog: business what they do and where they do
dialog: it. This dialoguer will write everything
dialog: they say.» Can you do that, Grover? (275)
speaker_heading: GROVER
dialog: Write a story without _any dialogue? (276)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: That's right. No dialogue.
dialog: (he takes down receiver ~ is
dialog: all excitement)
dialog: Mama» Is that you? Yes. Julius.
dialog: I'm so lonesome. Great news, Mama.
dialog: I'm creating a new star. She will be
text: a siren, Mama.
dialog: (shouts) : .
dialog: No, not a police siren, Mama, & young
dialog: Dietrich. Another Duse, Garbo, all
dialog: rolled up. Don't worry about the money.
dialog: Sure it costs money for long distance.
dialog: Don't worry, Mama. It's a modern age.
dialog: T have all my heads here. They send their
dialog: love, Mama.
text: (he looks at them and they all nod
text: as he nods, in perfect time)
dialog: Good bye, Mama dear «se. it's worth its
dialog: I love you.
dialog: (he hangs up)
text: A man's best friend is his Mama.
dialog: (to Treasurer)
text: Lease a house. Secluded and colossal.
dialog: Call up the bank and get a house thatts
dialog: peen foreclosed. (277)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 2h CONTINUED
dialog: 
text: Carey rises to leave.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, Mr. Carey! I'm in pictures? (278)
dialog: . (throws arms about his neck)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Well, don't blame me. (279)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Don't go way, Carey. I want to have
dialog: a talk with you. Goodbye, Mary. (280)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Saxe. Goodbye, Mr. Carey.
dialog: (281)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Goodbye, Mary. Watch your options, now.
text: (Mary goes out surrounded by
dialog: heads of departments, all talking
dialog: to her ~- Carey turns to Saxe)
dialog: Well, what's new? (282)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Carey, I like youe You're a fine
dialog: director. | (283)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: All right. What have I done now? (284)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: bm
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: PL CONTINUED
dialog: Se
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Thatts it. It'll tell you. You're
dialog: slipping, Carey. All the time with
dialog: a bottle... all the time shiker....
dialog: no longer you care are the scenes
dialog: go0deaee no longer you care is filn
dialog: being wasted.... all the time re-takes.+.
dialog: all the time over schedule. (285)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (with mock seriousness)
dialog: Well, now let's think a minute, Saxie....
dialog: Who can we get to take my places... (286)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (immediately conciliatory)
dialog: Now, Itm just telling you this for your
dialog: own good, Carey. You're even losing
dialog: your memory with this drinking business.
dialog: You're getting mashugeh. It's no good
dialog: You gotta stop. Five years ago you were
dialog: ten years ahead of the business and now
dialog: you're not quite even with it -- and
dialog: what's the answer? Whiskey!’ (287)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: You're right, Saxie. What the picture
dialog: business needs is light wines and beer.
text: (he gets up and reaches for a (288)
dialog: cigarette
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. POLO FIELD - DAY
text: LONG SHOT - Picture troupe is on location in Senta
text: Barbara. Some of the polo players on their ponies
text: are practising on the field. The Sound Truck and
text: Cameras are in position. Carey is yelling instruc-
text: tions through a megaphone.
speaker_heading: Cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. POLO FIELD — DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Mary and the other members of the
text: company, in make-up, are eating their box lunches.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How is Three-Bottle Carey today? (289)
speaker_heading: lst ACTOR “
dialog: In his usual form. (290)
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ACTOR
dialog: This is the worst box lunch Itve met
dialog: up with yet. (291)
speaker_heading: ist ACTOR
dialog: If you weren't here, you wouldn't he
dialog: eating at all. Who wants an apple? (292)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I do.
text: (actor tosses it to her. She catches
text: it expertly with one hand - does the
dialog: imitation of Dietrich in "Morocco" -
dialog: sings)
dialog: vot am I bid for my apple?
dialog: The fruit that made Adam so wise ...
dialog: (293)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: ve
scene_heading: 74 EXT. POLG FIELD ~- DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Clark, the leading man, in polo clothes
text: and make-up, and a good-looking young chap also in
text: polo clothes, but without make-up, are standing,
text: watching Mary- Her voice in the rest of the song
text: comes over this shot.
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: (off scene - sings)
dialog: (Get words of song) (294)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: Say, she's clevert (295)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (a bit bored)
dialog: Oh, she's got something. (296)
text: At this moment Carey enters scene.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: All right, Mr. Borden. Your team is
dialog: all ready. Will you tell Mr. Clark
dialog: what to do? (297)
text: Borden turns and motions off scene to someone to
text: pring their ponies. Then he turns to Clark.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: D'you mind, Mr- Clark, if I show you how
dialog: I hold the mallet?
text: (he demonstrates with his own mallet)
dialog: And wrap the thong about your thumb like
dialog: this. (298)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ir
speaker_heading: £& CONTINUED ~
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Thanks, but I always hold it this way. (29°
dialog: (has thong wrapped about wrist)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I know, but if your mallet gsts fouled
dialog: with another mallet or your pony's legs,
dialog: you're pulled off. (300)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That's right, Clarkt You couldn't learn
dialog: a thing from Mr. Borden. Hets only the
dialog: best polo player in the country. (301)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: w
dialog: Well, Itve played polo before myself. (302)
text: Two ponies are led into scene. Borden mounts one,
dialog: Clark the other.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 75, EXT. POLO FIELD - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Mary is seated before a, nake-up
text: table, fixing her make-up. She looks up and sees
text: Borden and Clark riding down the field.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: There's that one that rides so well --
dialog: Who is he? (303)
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Mr. Carey said that was Lonny Borden.
dialog: (304)
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: os
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ist ACTOR
dialog: Yes, that's Borden. He's a nine-goal man.
dialog: (305)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with renewed interest)
dialog: Oh, I Like himt He makes my heart go
dialog: potata - potata. (306 )
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 76 EXT. POLC FIELD - Day
text: LONG SHOT - Two teams go into action -- some nice
text: riding from Lonny Borden, and then suddenly a mix-up
dialog: around Clark.
dialog: ~
scene_heading: 77 EXT. Pomc FIELD - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Clark is pulled off his horse- Borden
text: comes riding up and quickly dismounts. Orrey comes
text: running in.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I'm sorry -- Are you all right? (307)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (frostily)
dialog: Quite, thank you. (308)
dialog: (ue gets up, a bit dazed)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Sure you're not hurt, Roger? (309)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: (with dignity)
dialog: I'm quite all right. (310)
speaker_heading: mr CONTINUED
dialog: ar
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEV
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: I'm afratd you held the mallet wrong --
dialog: that's what I told you. (311)
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: actors and children, Mr- Borden -- You got
dialog: to let 'em see for themselves. (312)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Would you let my doctor look vrs ous?
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: No, thanks» I'll have my personal
dialog: physician fly up from Hollywood. (314)
text: (Limps off. toward his pony)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: But my doctor's an orthopaedic ‘sy
dialog: (315)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: His doctor is a brain specialist. (316)
text: Mary enters scene -- Borden is about to mount his
dialog: pony.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Carey)
dialog: Is he hurt? (3517)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I don't think so. Oh, Miss Evans, this is
dialog: Mr. Borden -- Miss Evans is our leading
dialog: lady. (318)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ie CONTINJED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Yru don't have to tell me, Curey. I'm an
dialog: Evans! fan. (319)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And I'm a Borden fan. Seeing you ride
dialog: does something to me. (320)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Seeing you on the screen does something
dialog: tome. (321)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: All right, Mr- Borden. Roger thinks he
dialog: ean finish the scene. (332) -
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: All right. (383)
dialog: (he turns back to Mary)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (holding out her hend)
dialog: Goodbye, Mr- Borden. (324)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: {taking her hand}
dialog: Don't say goodbye .-. May I come back?
dialog: {325)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sure. (326 )
text: Borden smiles (and I mean smiles), mounts his pony
dialog: and rides
dialog: off.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. POLO PIELD = VAL 7
text: LONGER SHOT - Borden rides into the center of the
text: field and everybody takes his position. Ad lib talk.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. POLO FIELD --DAY
text: MED. CLOSE’ SHOT - Mary stands beside Carey, watching.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is Lonny Borden married? (387)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: No. Hets strictly a breach of promise
dialog: guy- (328)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Think hetd go for me? (329)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Never heard of him refusing anybody. (330)
speaker_heading: MARY.
dialog: What a mant
dialog: (pause )
dialog: Look at him ride! (331)
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 80 EXT. POLO FIELD - DAY
text: MED. -LONG SHOT - showing a spectacular ride with
text: Lonny making a goal.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: fs
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 8l INT, MARY'S SUITE - SANTA BaRBaRa HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Mary and maid.
text: SOUND THE TELEPHONE RINGS.
text: Servant answers telephone.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Who's calling?
dialog: (turns to Mary)
dialog: Itts Mr. Borden.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: She's busy now, could she call you back?
dialog: (listens +.then to Mary)
dialog: Mr. Borden wants to know if you'll come
text: to his bungalow for a cocktail -- Mr.
dialog: Carey is there? (332)
speaker_heading: MARY «=»
dialog: Tell him tyes'. (333)
speaker_heading: cur_T0
scene_heading: 82. INT. BORDEN'S BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: Borden and Carey, Carey is slopped up.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: What sort of person is this Miss Evans?
dialog: (334)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Don't ask me. If I start talking about
dialog: her, I'm liable to shout myself sober.
dialog: (335)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED _
dialog: 
dialog: {0
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: But, is she involved anywhere...
dialog: Part of anybody's pattern? (336 )
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Mary's the kind of girl the next
dialog: morning you could tell your mother
dialog: what happened the night before. (337)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: What's your interest in her? (338)
speaker_heading: CASEY
dialog: My interest in Mary? You wouldn't
dialog: understand it. (339)
dialog: (he passes out on couch)
text: Mary enters. Borden rises.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Oh, hello! (340)
text: Mary goes over to Carey. One of his legs is hanging
text: off couch. She lifts his foot and straightens him
text: generally on the couch.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (mumbling -- referring to his leg)
dialog: I been ... wanting ... to do that ...
dialog: for a long time... | (341)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
dialog: At
speaker_heading: BORDEN
text: (offering Mary a chair.
dialog: She sits down)
dialog: Want a highball or a cocktail, Mary? (342)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: May I have a glass of ginger ale? (343)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (sitting beside her)
dialog: Don't you drink? (344)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sure I do. But not just to be drinking.
dialog: (345)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: You needn't be afraid of the liquor. (346)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm not afraid of anything. (347)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Then we'll have dinner served here. (348 )
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let's go where there's a crowd, (349)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (studies her)
dialog: Then you are afraid? (350)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. I'd just like to dance - with you.
dialog: (351)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: All right. /
dialog: (looks at Carey)
dialog: What'll1 I do with our horizontal er eeel
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: Let him sleep. Hut take all his matches
dialog: away. Last winter he set fire to
dialog: -Napoleon's bed in Mr. Saxe's Beverly
dialog: Hills home. (355)
text: SOUND They go out. After a moment the telephone rings
text: insistently. Carey rouses and answers.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (half -conscious)
dialog: Who d'you want ... huh? Long distance ...
dialog: Who? ... Mr. Carey? .;. Mr. Carey? ... Oh,
dialog: yes, this is Mr. Carey ... Oh, it's you,
dialog: Saxie. Good old Saxie ... what's wees \
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 83 TELEPHONE - HOLLYWooD
text: Saxe is talking into phone.
speaker_heading: SaXE
dialog: There's nothin' new, Yesterday you were
dialog: five days behind schedule. Today you're
dialog: seven days behind. There's nothin' new
dialog: about that ... huh? ,.. Sure I saw the
dialog: rushes ... and I want to ask you, Carey, -
dialog: why is it you go to film a polo game and
dialog: in the background you show cows and sheep
dialog: _ eatin' grass? The script don't say nothing
dialog: fs about wild animals ..., 355)
scene_heading: 84 INT. BORDEN'S BUNGALOW - NIGHT
dialog: Carey at: telephone.
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: What script? I never read any script...
dialog: Listen, Saxie, why d'tyou bother me when
dialog: I'm working so hard ... (356)
dialog: ous To
scene_heading: 85 TELEPHONE - HOLLYWOOD - NIGHT
text: Saxe at telephone.
speaker_heading: SakE
dialog: That's right, Carey, you are working too
dialog: hard -- you ought to get a long rest.
dialog: Suppose I send up another director to
dialog: finiSh the picture ... what anyou say?
speaker_heading: 357
speaker_heading: cuUT TO
scene_heading: 86 INT, BORDEN'S BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: Carey at telephone.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I say nerts!
text: (he hangs up the receiver -
text: looks around, sees a bottle
dialog: and starts for it) (358)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: fs
dialog: iat
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT, SANTa BARBaRA HOTEL SUPPER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Borden and Mary are at the table. The place is far
text: from full. The few persons present are of a stilted,
dialog: social order, the majority of them elderly. aA
text: rather dignified string orchestra is sawing out aged
text: dance tunes. The dance floor is all but deserted.
text: A fogey couple are walking through the waltz, Ata
text: table some distance from Mary and Borden, and
text: sitting at Borden's back, is an old goof in stiff
text: evening array. He is alone.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Dtyou want to dance? (359)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (with a nice smile)
dialog: No. (360)
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: You want to eat some more? (361)
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: (different inflection)
dialog: No. (362)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Want to go for a walk in the moonlight?
dialog: (363)
speaker_heading: MaRY
text: (looking at him with a little grin)
dialog: No. (364)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Now you ask one. (365)
dialog: cur 70
dialog: bm
scene_heading: INT. SANTA BARBARA HOTEL SUPPZR ROOM - NIGHT
text: Zlderly Guest as he flips another cracker, this time
text: catching it in his mouth. His mouth shuts like a trap
text: and he beams, just as Borden, following Mary's gaze,
text: looks around. Both laugh.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: who is that goof juggling his dinner? (366)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: That's John Appelby, Jr. (367)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Junior? How old is his father? (368)
speaker_heading: BORDEN .
dialog: Nobody cares. He's got a hundred million
dialog: dollars. Now, don't you wish we'd eaten
dialog: in my bungalow? (369)
speaker_heading: MARY
speaker_heading: Yese (370)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Then why didn't you? (371)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know. Why do people do lots
dialog: of things? Why do people worth a
dialog: hundred million snap at oyster crackers?
dialog: (372)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (irrelevantly)
dialog: You know, I could like you an areal en)
speaker_heading: 373
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: bn
speaker_heading: 88 -CONTINUZD
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Anything stopping you? (374)
speaker_heading: _ BORDEN
dialog: Let's get out of here. (375) :
text: (they rise and move away from table)
speaker_heading: LAP _ DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 89 EXT. BIACE ~ NIGHT
text: Mary and Borden walking along They come toa
dialog: romantic spot.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Let's stop here. (576)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's a beautiful night? (377)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (his voice is colored with feeling)
dialog: Let's stop, Mary. (378)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (stops long enough to say -)
dialog: Lonny, I dow't want to be just another
dialog: girl and another night to you. (379)
dialog: (then she walks on ~ he
text: follows beside her)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: bm
speaker_heading: VU SES
dialog: Thanks,
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Wary, does every fool you meet go off
dialog: his head about you like I have? (380)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling teasingly)
dialog: Lonny? Would you call him a fool
dialog: if he dia? (381)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (grabbing her fiercely)
dialog: Yes, if he let you laugh at him! (382)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (swept by his emotion)
dialog: I'mseeeenot laughing, Lonny. (383)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Mary? Couldn't you like me a little? (384)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (trying to get back to the
dialog: kidding footing) :
dialog: Maybe I could like you a lot...-if you
dialog: wouldn't mind letting me breathe while
dialog: I consider iteees
dialog: (he releases her a little -
dialog: she smiles)
dialog: (moves her body from side to side)
dialog: Kot a bone broken eithere+»+. (385)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Will you be serious or have I got to
dialog: drown myself? (386)
speaker_heading: ’ MARY
dialog: That's an idea. Come one (387)
text: (she grabs his hand and starts
dialog: to run tovard the water's edge)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 90. EXT. RO:7 UF CABANAS
text: Mary and Borden run into scene.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This is mine. Carey's is next door.
dialog: You'll find a bathing suit in it.
text: (she moves to gn into her cabana,
text: but he still holds her hand - tries
text: to draw her up to him, but she
dialog: stops him)
dialog: We're going swimming! (388)
text: (she breaks away and goes inside
text: cabana. Borden runs to the one
dialog: next door. }
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 91 ____INT. CABANA
text: Mary turns on a table flash-light and finds bathing
text: suit. She hurriedly removes her clothes.
scene_heading: 92 EXT, JATIR'S ZDGS - NIGHT
text: Mary and Borden are running toward the water hand
text: in hand. As they hit the water Mary stops and
text: chatterse .
speaker_heading: MARY"
dialog: Ugh! It's cold. (389)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (grabbing her hand)
dialog: Come on? Get wet! (590)
text: They wade out and dive into the surf. Stay with
dialog: them a few moments and then -
speaker_heading: LAP DISSULVS OUT
speaker_heading: bm —
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: 93 EXT. RAFT - MOONLIGHT
speaker_heading: oO
text: Mary and Borden swim to the raft. As he climbs
text: aboard and helps her on, he says:
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Here we are. We got the whole ocean
dialog: to ourselves. (391)
text: They sit, feet in water. His arm goes about her.
text: Suddenly he kisses her throat back of one ear.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Lonny. One of us has got to be sone Oe)
dialog: 392
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: It's not going to be me. (393)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Am I going to have to walk home from
dialog: this raft? (394)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Mary, I'm crazy about you. (395)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then try to be nice. (396)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I am trying. (397)
text: (he puts both arms about her and
dialog: their lips meet)
speaker_heading: bm CONTE TIED
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We'd better go back. (398)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Not afraid, are you? (399)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: t'd be kind of silly if I weren't. (400)
text: And she dives overboard with Borden following. They
dialog: swim a few strokes and we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: ts
dialog: 94
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: FADE _IN
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SAXE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Carey and Saxe are in serious conference.
text: Saxe's desk is piled high with stills, which they are
text: looking at, neither of them saying a word. Only their
text: expressions get over their reactions. Saxe looks at
text: still of a girl and frowns, hands it to Carey, who
text: cocks his eye admiringly. At this moment the door is
text: thrown open and Mary's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Drop everything, boym. (401)
text: Carey and Saxe look up. Mary enters scene.
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (half rising, his lap full
dialog: of stills
dialog: What's new? (408)
text: Mary swiftly extends her left hand on which is a
text: large, square cut diamond, or emerald. The two men
text: look at it and then back at her.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Is it a present, or did you pay for it
dialog: yourself? (403)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's an engagement ring. (404)
dialog: (rising)
dialog: You can't do it. Who'd be foolish enough
dialog: to marry a movie star? (405)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (laughs and turns toward door)
dialog: Lonny Borden. (406)
dialog: cur To
dialog: oo
scene_heading: 95 INT. SAXE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Borden stands leaning against side of
text: doorway and smiling. Mary comes to him, and teking
text: his hand, draws him to Saxe and Carey.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Oh - Mr. Borden. Well, that's different.
dialog: (he starts pressing buttons)
dialog: When you going to do it? (407)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: In a couple of weeks, At the Little Church
dialog: Around the Corner. (408)
speaker_heading: ’ SAXE
dialog: Little Church nothing. At the biggest
dialog: church in Beverly Hills.
dialog: (into box on his desk)
dialog: Send me all my department heads ... send
dialog: me my publicity director ... and my fashion
dialog: designer ... and anybody that knows anythin
dialog: about weddings ...«
dialog: (back to Mary and Borden)
dialog: Itm going to give you the biggest wedding
dialog: Hollywood has ever talked about ... how
dialog: many bridesmaids will you need?
dialog: (doesn't wait for an answer)
dialog: Not less than six .. Six big names ... the
dialog: biggest star from every studio ... (409)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: But, Mr. Saxe, I don't know those stars «s+
dialog: . (410)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: That dontt matter. They'll be glad to be
dialog: bridesmaids for the publicity. We'll film
text: the wedding in color and send it out for a
dialog: newsreel ... we'll invite the President,
dialog: the Governor and the Mayor. (411)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ts
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 89
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Don't overlook the Chief of Police, Saxe.
dialog: . (412)
text: By this time three Heads of Departments enter and the
dialog: Publicity Director, also the Fashion Designer,
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: Gentlemen, go into an immediate conference
dialog: and develop me some ideas for an outstanding
dialog: wedding -~ something terrific. (413)
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: For a picture, Mr. Saxe? (414)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: No, for the newspapers.
dialog: (he turns to the Fashion Designer)
dialog: And you, Mrs. ----
dialog: (he can't think of her name)
dialog: --You design me three or four Chanal Models
dialog: for a wedding dress ... something
dialog: sensational .. (415)
speaker_heading: FASHION DESIGNER
dialog: Yes, Mr. Saxe. (416)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Pardon me, Mr. Saxe, but Miss Evans might
dialog: like to select her own wedding gown. (417)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: tm
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: You don't understand, Mrs Borden, I pay
dialog: Mrs. What's her Name Twenty five thousand
dialog: dollars a week to do nothing but think
dialog: about clothes.
text: (turns to Publicity director.
dialog: Telephone rings)
dialog: Donald, you make immediate contact with all
dialog: the newspapers, the wire services, the
dialog: syndicates,the fan magaziness.. we'll
dialog: announce this wedding at the top of our
dialog: lungs see get stilis of Miss Evans and
text: Mr. Borden together - driving, playing
dialog: golf, eating swimming, doihg everything oo
dialog: get the whole country excited «report
dialog: to m your plans this afternoon +e.
dialog: (into box)
dialog: Miss Spiegel, get Mama on the Long
dialog: Distance eee Who? o+s Put him on oes
dialog: (takes down telephone rece iver)
dialog: Hello ee» (418)
scene_heading: INT. SAXE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Mary, Carey and Borden.
speaker_heading: MARY .
text: (with a little smile and extending
dialog: a hand)
dialog: Aren't you even going to wish me luck?
dialog: . ‘ (419)
speaker_heading: ‘CAREY
text: (takes her hand and :ats it - looks
text: as if he were going to say something
text: sentimental - then smiles and says
dialog: flippantly)
dialog: What's tne use? You know it can't last.
dialog: . (420
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (pleasantly touchy)
dialog: What can't last? (421
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (crassly)
dialog: My liver and a movie star's marriage. (422)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We know your liver can't last, saris .
speaker_heading: 423
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Oh, he's just crabbing because you're
dialog: marrying me instead of him. (424)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (querulously}
dialog: Shut up, will you? I know I'm the face
dialog: on the cutting room floor. (425)
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nice old Carey! You stick around in
dialog: case we need retakes, (428)
dialog: 9?
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: INSERT
scene_heading: INT. SAXE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Saxe seated at his desk, telephone to ear.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Well, call me back when you get her.
dialog: (hangs up and rises)
dialog: Now --- if we do this right, we get all
dialog: the world talking about our wedding. We
dialog: got a merger of two big industries --
dialog: Motion Pictures and Society -- and I tell
dialog: you what'll happen -- (427)
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT, FIVE aND TEN CENT STORE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - A girl is showing magazine to another
dialog: clerk. Magazine has pictures of Mary and Borden
text: and Carey, and is captioned in effect:
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: MAGAZINE ITEM
scene_heading: "JILTS DIRECTOR FOR POLO STAR
dialog: The biggest wedding Hollywood has
dialog: ever seen will take place next
dialog: month when Mary Evans marries
dialog: Lonny Borden of Santa Barbara
dialog: and Oyster Bay."
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: That will put Carey back in circulation.
dialog: (428 )
text: A customer interrupts.
speaker_heading: Lap DISSOLVE OUT
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT, STREET CAR - DaY OR NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - A middle-aged woman eagerly reads a
text: newspaper over the shoulder of the man in front
dialog: of her.
text: NEWSP4PER. Headlines say:
scene_heading: "POLO STaR WINS SCREEN STAR)
dialog: Picture of Mary
dialog: "Mary Evans and Lonny Borden will
dialog: be married at St. Bartholomew's
dialog: Church before a brilliant audience
dialog: of world renowned people."
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CaR - DAY
text: A distinguished looking gentleman reading a paper -
dialog: Winchell's column.
scene_heading: COLUMN IN PsaPER
dialog: "Mary Evans is said to have turned
dialog: down two millionaires to marry
text: Lonny Borden. Their wedding guests
dialog: will show Whots Who in Hollywood."
speaker_heading: LaP DISSOLVE OUT
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BRIDGE TaBLE - DAY
text: Four women, talking about wedding.
speaker_heading: FIRST WOMsN
dialog: There'll be a lot of disappointed
dialog: debs when Lonny Borden marries that
dialog: movie actress. (429)
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMsN
dialog: I don't understand it -- (430)
speaker_heading: THIRD VOMsN
dialog: Go down town and see her last picture
dialog: and you'll understand it. She's
dialog: gorgeous. What's trump? (431)
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
text: CLOSE SHOT - at table. One director says in effect.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I see Lonny Borden is marrying a motion
dialog: picture star. I'll bet that gives his
dialog: mother a jolt. (452)
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE OUT
dialog: be
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: —Oo
scene_heading: IND, SAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Saxe is still talking and the Heads are still
dialog: nodding "Yes."
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: And if we dontt gmss a million on her
dialog: next picture, I'll buy everyone of you ....
dialog: well, never mind, I'll forget it by that
dialog: time, anyway. (433) .
text: They all laugh politely.
speaker_heading: FADE OULr
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: EXT, ST
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BT - Day
text: MED. SHOP. Five cops ina row, holding hands and
text: being pushed from behind by a massed crowd.
text: PULL CAMZRA BACK to LONGER SHOT, showing mob gathered
text: in front of a church, the entrance to which is roped
text: off. A Rolls Royce waits at the curb.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Muto comes up to the chauffeur and
dialog: asks ingratiatingly:
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: vay, Buddy, where's the wedding breakfast
dialog: going to come of f? (434)
speaker_heading: CHAUFFEUR
dialog: I don't know. Miss Evans hasn't told me.
dialog: (435)
speaker_heading: MUTO
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Wise guy, uh? (436)
dialog: cur to.
dialog: be
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
scene_heading: EXT. STREST - DAY
text: MED, SHOT. A kid breaks through and starts for the
text: church. A cop grabs him and puts him back of the rope.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Still Photographers jockeying for a
text: position commanding the door of the church.
speaker_heading: our_TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREST - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. A young man lifts ea pocketbook from
text: a women's hani-bag and shoulders his way out of the
text: immediate vicinity. Woman doesn't even know it.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. A cop holding crowd back. He lets
text: acute little girl get under his arm. She stands
text: close to him.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm going to have a wedding like this
dialog: someday. (437)
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Are you in pictures? (438)
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh, no. You Bm * be a waitress first.
dialog: or
dialog: Net yet. But I g@ta job at the Brown
dialog: Derby. (439)
speaker_heading: CUT_TO
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: i111
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: — 23
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: 30UND
scene_heading: - TaAL 9 1 tf Ne a
text: MED. SHOT, A newsboy comes up the roped-eff walk
dialog: yelling: "Wuxtry.... Read about the Yar in China:
text: And a Voice calls: "Who cares?" A cop starts for
text: the boy, who runs toward the curb.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. The pickpocket is standing, looking for
text: another haul. Newsboy dashes in, looks back, sees Cop
text: and dashes out. Cop enters, am at the same moment
text: the pickpocket turns to get away. The Cop sees him
text: and grabs him.
speaker_heading: coP
dialog: Hello, Louie. I thought I'd find you
dialog: here, today. Come on. (440)
text: Louie meekly goes along.
speaker_heading: cur_ TO
scene_heading: EXT. STRSOET - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. A man walks along edge of crowd, yelling:
text: "Tee Cream Cones....a nickle while they last." Another
dialog: men is selling post-cards and calling: "vost~-cards of
text: Mary Evans in Wedding Dress - send them home to the
dialog: folks back east." .
speaker_heading: cur_TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREGT - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Newsreel men and Sound Truck are lining
dialog: up their positions.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. LONG SHOT. A truck drives by with music and
dialog: carrying big sign, "See Mary Evans' Latest Picture
dialog: 'GIRL OF FLAMBE' a Julius Saxe Super Production."
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 
dialog: ilo Baty Ot
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: MED. SHOT. There are several Still Photographers all
text: set about ten feet fram church door, their cameras
text: ready. Aman with a motion picture camera horns in
text: and places his tripod. A Still Man asks: "‘Iho you
text: shovin'?" and suddenly, from within the church,
text: SOUND comes ths opening bars of the Wedding Recessional.
speaker_heading: : rT TO
scene_heading: 116 EXT, STREET - DAY
text: MED, SHOT, Six motor-cycle cops lining up in front
dialog: of the Rolls.
scene_heading: SOUND WEDDING RECESSIONAL MORE FAINTLY
dialog: Qur_TO.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Five Cops still holding hands to prevent
text: crowd from breaking through, but the pressure to see
text: is too great, and the cops' hold breaks - the mob
text: surges forward, covering the walk.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 118 EXT. CHURCH - DaY
text: MSD. SHOT. Mery and Borden come through church doors.
text: SOUND Cemeras click. A Still photographer, Peters, has got
text: them almost head on.
speaker_heading: PETERS
dialog: Hey; Borden, Kiss her, will you?
dialog: {Borden good-naturedly shakes
dialog: his head) :
dialog: Aw, come on, the public will expect it. (441)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: No. I dontt think so.
dialog: (or)
dialog: No. Nat here. I'm sorry. (442)
text: (he puts an arm abt Mary and starts
text: toward the curb, but the crowd surges
dialog: about them)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: = 2
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: CLOSE SHOT. Hands pull Mary's bouquet to pieces
dialog: for souvenirs.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 120 EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Somebody with a jack knife cuts a
text: piece out of Mery's veil. Women tear more pieces
text: ef her veil for souvernirs. Mary is bit frightened. A
text: cop is trying to hold people off. Suddenly Borden
text: puts his am around Mary, turns toward the church, and
text: roughly shoulders everybody out of the way. Talk is
dialog: ad lib. in these mob shots.
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: (from crowd)
dialog: Will you give me. an autograph, Miss Evans]...
dialog: Please sign my took, Mr. Borden.... (443)
speaker_heading: A COP
dialog: (yells)
dialog: . Stand: back there.... —
dialog: -Meke room, please....(444)
speaker_heading: cur _ TO
scene_heading: i121 EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Bordenis getting Mary through tle crowd
text: back into the church. Saxe and Carey are in the
text: doorway of the church.
speaker_heading: cur _TO
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: LU
scene_heading: INT. FOYER OF CHURCH - DAY
text: MED. SHOT (TRAVELLING). Borden brings Mary through
text: the doors. Carey grasps Borden's am.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Come on. This way. In here. (445)
text: He leads them to a door which opens into a small
text: room of f the foyer. Saxe trots along with tha.
text: Wedding party is coming from church into foyer.
speaker_heading: cur_ TO
scene_heading: INT... SMALL ROOM - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Carey brings Mary and Borden into room,
dialog: followed by Saxe.
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: Close the doar.
dialog: (Saxe dees so)
dialog: Your wedding is certainly a riot. (446)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: What did I tell you, No wedding
dialog: was ever like it. It breaks all the
dialog: house records for this church. It's
dialog: terrific. (447)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (almost hysterical)
dialog: How are we going to get away? (448)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Do churches have back doors? (449)
speaker_heading: CONTI NUZD
speaker_heading: 123s CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (holding doar closed as someone
dialog: tries to push inside)
dialog: You better tell tem the bad news, Saxie.
dialog: (450)
speaker_heading: SAXa
dialog: Not here, Carey. (451)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: What bad news? (452)
dialog: Saxe
dialog: Well, I didn't want to tell you until
dialog: - the Last minute, but I got to ask yous
dialog: Mery, to postpone your honeymoon. (453)
speaker_heading: BORDSN
dialog: Postpone....Why? (454)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Well, yesterday we looked at Mary's last
dialog: picture. And it's perfect! But we got
dialog: to have some retaxes. (455)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Couldn't they wait till I get back? (456)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (as if talking to a child)
dialog: Release dates don't wait on honeymoons,
dialog: my dear. There, you're disappointed, but
dialog: ittll only be a week, maybe two weeks.
dialog: You do this for me and some day I do some-
dialog: thing nice for you; mybe. (457)
speaker_heading: CONPINUZD
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUZD
dialog: They both
dialog: Mary into
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looks at Borden appealingly)
dialog: D'you mind, dear? (458)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (smiling down at her)
dialog: Of course, but it can't be helped, can
dialog: it? (45¢)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: {bustling)
dialog: That's the spirit, Lonny. I go now and
dialog: see about a back door. (460)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Itll fix it. Wait here, (461)
text: go out. Left alone together, Borden sweeps
dialog: his ams.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Lomy, I think I'm going to ery. (462)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Darling. (463)
text: Their lips meet in a long kiss.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 124 INTs SMALL ROOM -~ DAY
text: CLOSZ SHOT. Peters, the photographer, appears in the
dialog: _ window with his camera. Maybe this is a stained-
text: glass window with a head of the Christ just over the
text: portion that Peters opens to get his camera inside.
speaker_heading: CUT _TO
scene_heading: 125 INT. SMALL ROOM - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Mary and Borden still hold kiss. There
text: SOUND is a flash-light. Peter's camera clicks, and lary
text: ani Borden break away and look toward window.
speaker_heading: PETERS
dialog: (grins )
dialog: Thenks, folks. That was swell, (464)
text: Meryend Borden stand facing him as he disappears.
speaker_heading: FADS‘OUr
dialog: bs
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: OF MAGAZINE.
dialog: Photograph of Mary and Borden kissing,
dialog: captioned in effect:
text: "SAMPLING SCREEN'S MOST FAMOUS LIPS"
dialog: Or
text: "THEIR FIRST MARRIED KISS"
text: A mants hand is holding the magazine.
scene_heading: 126 INT. STAGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SOUND
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 127
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Borden is looking at the magazine
text: with the photograph. Disgusted he throws it aside.
text: Over this shot can be heerd the voice of Mary
dialog: singing the Belle Baker song in French "J'.ai deux
text: amict' Borden looks at his watch,
scene_heading: VATCH SHOWING 11:55
dialog: &
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT. We see that Borden is on the side lines
text: watching while Carey is directing Mary and several
text: tables of bald headed men in a scene. Mary is wearing
dialog: as few clothes as possible and is in the gct of
text: kissing the bald heads.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (sings)
dialog: (Get Words)
dialog: (Kisses another bald head)
speaker_heading: BALD HEAD
text: (fatuously - closing his eyes)
dialog: Do that again. (465)
text: She kisses his bald head again - a peck. Locks off
text: at Borden and throws him a kiss with one finger.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (Long suffering)
dialog: NoeseeBOeee if you'd forget about your
dialog: husband over there, you might do this
dialog: scene as if you meant it - you're treating
dialog: them like a bunch of landlords - (466)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (amiably) °""
dialog: Well, you show mey.. (467)
text: She walks over to Borden and sits down in a vacant
text: chair beside him. .
scene_heading: 128 INT. STAGE - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT Mary puts her hand on Borden's
text: which rests on the arm of his chair.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Itm awfully sorry you'vé had to wait
dialog: around so late, darlingee.«(468)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: What do they mean saying youtd be through
dialog: by eight otclock? It's nearly midnight.
dialog: Who in thunder is waiting for this picture
dialog: anyway? (469)
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: My public... dott be absurd.
text: She has picked up the magazine Borden threw aside
text: and now opens it carelessly. Sees something that
dialog: interests her.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: tm
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 129
dialog: elb
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: PHOTOGRsPH OF MARY AND
speaker_heading: BORDEN KISSING
text: Mary shows it to Borden.
speaker_heading: MARY (cont'd)
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Did you see us in Photoplay, darling?
dialog: We're their feature article. (470)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: Yes. Even our kisses are public propery
speaker_heading: 471
text: Mary looks up surprised at his annoyance. She is
text: about to speak but is interruptal by Carey's voice.
speaker_heading: CAREY'S VOICE
dialog: Miss Evans, if you please.
text: Mary looks up hastily.
scene_heading: INT, STaGh - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT. Carey gives her a look and then repeats
dialog: the business she just did with Bald Head.
speaker_heading: CaRBY (cont'd)
dialog: (imitating Mary)
dialog: (Sings song) (472
speaker_heading: BALD HEAD
text: (fatuously, closing eyes)
dialog: Do that again. (473)
text: Carey gives Bald Head a lingering kiss and then looks
text: over toward Mary.
dialog: 
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: ald
dialog: 
text: CLOSE SHOT. . Mary is looking apologetically at Borden
text: as he tears up two theatre tickets. Maybe there are
text: tears in her eyes. Borden is evidently angry.
scene_heading: HE, STAGE _- NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Carey, annoyed because she is
text: paying no attention, calls to Mary.
speaker_heading: CaREY
dialog: Say, d'you think I'm doing this
dialog: because I like it? (474)
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT. Mary turns from Borden, and rises.
text: Hurries toward Carey.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (restrained anger)
dialog: Just who you talking to, Carey? (475)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I'm talking to the star of this opus
dialog: who's supposed to be an actress.... (476)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: The kind of horseplay you're doing doesn't
dialog: call for acting. (277)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: alb
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Of course you know outsiders aren't
dialog: allowed on the set. Suppose you let
dialog: me direct Miss Evans and you be Mr. Evans.
dialog: (or) you be her hushand. (478)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's all for tonight, Max. (479)
text: (she walks off in a huff)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FaDE IN
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - DAY
dialog: 
text: CLOSE UP. The hand of a colored maid, with a lot of
text: bracelets on it, holds a glass pitcher from which she
text: is pouring something into five tall glasses ona
text: tray. Over this shot we hear voices.
speaker_heading: SAxi'S VOICE
dialog: You writers should be able to tell
dialog: your story in fifty words. If you
dialog: can't tell it in fifty words, it
dialog: ain't a good story. (480)
speaker_heading: CAREY'S VOICE
dialog: Who said this was a good story? You
dialog: pought it, didn't you, Saxie? (481)
speaker_heading: “ SAME'S VOICE
dialog: The whole story of Creation was written
dialog: in three hundred words in the Book of
dialog: Genesis. (482)
speaker_heading: CAREY'S VOICE
dialog: There's a guy you ought to sign up. (483)
text: PULL CAMURa BaCk TO MED, SHOT.
text: We now see Mary, Carey, Borden, Saxe and a writer
text: seated about a low table, where the colored maid
text: finishes pouring the drinks. She is enormous and
text: wears a uniform with a cap, and a lot of bracelets.
text: Her slippers are cut out for enlarged joints. She
text: goes into the house. This terrace opens off the
text: living room and is furnished with wicker, The
text: swimming pool is nearby. Borden doesn't enter into
text: the controversy. He passes the others their drinks.
text: Carey is in bathing suit with bath robe. Maybe
dialog: Saxe is, too. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Miss Evans, how do you like the story?
dialog: (484)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, I don't think I ought to be
dialog: killed in the fourth reel, (485 )
speaker_heading: SAXD
dialog: Shets right, Grover, She's the star.
dialog: She can't die in the fourth reel. (486)
speaker_heading: “WRITER
text: But the big scene between the husband
text: and the lover over her grave can only
dialog: happen if she's dead. (487)
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: Well, cut out the big scene. I'11 put
dialog: in a chase, (488 )
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do we have to do this story, Mr. Saxe?
dialog: (489)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: jihat's wrong with it? (490)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: There's a baby in it. Do I have to have a
dialog: baby in every picture I'm in? (491)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 153
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: But this baby's different, Miss Evans,
dialog: You get married first. (492)
dialog: Sc
dialog: Wait a minute. I got an idea. We'll
dialog: throw the whole thing out the window, I
dialog: ‘got a story of my own. It's my own brain
text: child. I had it in the back of my head
dialog: for fifteen years. It probably won't make
dialog: a dime, but it's an artistic triumph. It's
text: about an old general. In Russia.
dialog: (he demonstrates as he talks)
text: It's the night of the grand court ball.
text: Splashes of color. lIiusic. Jewels.
text: Throbbing pulses. They are dancing a
text: minuet. The old general is stooped and he
text: earries a long cane as he dances with the
dialog: duchess. Nobody would know he was the
dialog: famous general of all Russia. Then
text: suddenly a messenger throws open the door.
text: He calls out, as he holds a document, a
text: sealed document. ‘a letter from the
text: ezarina." The music stops. The general
text: reads the letter. He takes his cane like a
text: sword. He is not stooped now. He is the
dialog: great general who is left behind ... TI
dialog: forgot to tell you ... because he is too
dialog: old. I told the ending first, it was so
text: dramatic. Never mind. He takes his cane
dialog: and gives orders. ‘You go to Greece." "You
dialog: take charge of the Turkish front." "You do
dialog: this" and "You do that." How does it sound
dialog: so far? (493)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What part do I play? The old General? (494)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (deflated)
dialog: No. The old general's mistress. (495)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then I won't have to have babies. (496)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Yes, you're going to have a young Te99)
speaker_heading: 497
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: But Mr. Saxe, the public won't stand
dialog: for costume plays. (498)
speaker_heading: SAXxE
dialog: What do you know about the public? You've
dialog: been in Hollywood too long. (499)
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: That's right. I've been here six weeks.
dialog: (500)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Yell, why don't we make it a modern
dialog: Soviet picture? (501) -
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Well, what would we do about the czarina?
dialog: (502) *
dialog: She will be a female Rasputin. (503)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now that you've got that out of your
dialog: system; can we go back to our original
dialog: story? (504)
dialog: Saxe
dialog: (resignedly) ,
dialog: Yes. Where were we? (505)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I like the mythical kingdom story much
dialog: petter, Mr, Saxe. What dtyou think,
dialog: Max? (506)
speaker_heading: CARTY
dialog: I refuse to direct either one. (507)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (mad)
dialog: You refuse. You should refuse to direct
dialog: any story. Youtre lucky to get a chance
dialog: to direct a Julius Saxe Super Prone ot
dialog: (508
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: If you didn't have me, you wouldn't be
dialog: making super productions, Why don't you
dialog: have somebody read these stories to you
dialog: before you buy ‘em? (509)
dialog: Sake
dialog: I can read. I can read, This is a great
dialog: story ... It cost a lot of money ... IT
dialog: know a good story ... I been making smesh
dialog: hits for fifteen years ... (510)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: vad
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Oh, you'd still be making custard pie
dialog: pictures if it weren't for me. (511)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maybe we should be making custard pie
dialog: pictures ... (512)
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: And how you went tc do e mythical kingdom...
dialog: If you do another nythical kingdom you'll
dialog: be a mythical producer ...-.and you can
dialog: either throw this story in your ash can, or
dialog: get another boob to direct it. (513)
speaker_heading: SA
dialog: I don't know any other boob,
dialog: (Carey rises)
dialog: Where you going? You stay here and
dialog: settle this picture. (514)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: It's settled. I won't make it. (515)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now that that's attended to, let's
dialog: decide on the story. (516)
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: L9e DA.
dialog: 
dialog: se
dialog: 
dialog: 19%
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Borden is sitting looking at the
dialog: mens
text: His expression is one of bored displeasure.
text: Cver this shot we hear their voices arguing full tilt,
text: all talking at once.
speaker_heading: SIMULTANEOUS
speaker_heading: SAXE'S VOICE
dialog: All right, you don't make it. I get a
dialog: ‘good director. (517)
speaker_heading: WRITER'S VOICE
dialog: I tell you, this is a good story. I ought to
dialog: know -- I've had five Broadway successes.
dialog: (518)
speaker_heading: CAREY'S VOICE
dialog: I won't make another Mythical Kingdam
dialog: picture for anybedy. {519)
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: Louder, gentlemen - fhe neighbors can't
dialog: hear yout (520)
speaker_heading: WRITER'S VOICE
dialog: What do you directors know about stories?
dialog: (521)
speaker_heading: CAREY'S VOICE
dialog: A lot that you writers can't seem to learn.
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (
dialog: (582)
speaker_heading: SAXE'S VOICE
dialog: Is this a business or not? Am I a producer
dialog: or do you hire me? (523)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: bot VUNIENL SY
text: As this dog-fight proceeds, Borden, with a Look,
text: rises and, taking his drink and a magazine, goes
text: into the house. Mary, who has been watching with
text: keen interest the three men arguing, now turns and
text: sees Borden disappearing. She realizes he is
text: annoyed, looks quickly at the three men and rises.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. TERRACE - DAY
text: aD. SHOT - Mary tries to interrupt the row and
text: finally gets Carey's attention. He stops talking.
text: as he does so, the writer stops.
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: And I'm askin' you - who pays your salary,
dialog: huh? (524)
speaker_heading: - CAREY
dialog: {belligerently)~
dialog: Wall Street. (525)
text: And he starts to move away, but Saxe catches the
text: Lapels of his bath-robe and holds him.
speaker_heading: SaXE
dialog: You're clever, huh? You have no ability,
dialog: but a lot of wit. I have plenty of ability
dialog: and no wit and you're going to stay right
dialog: here till I think of an answer. (526)
text: Mary, with a gesture of comic despair, turns and
text: goes into the house.
speaker_heading: / CAREY
dialog: ‘sorry, Gare but I can't stay awake that
dialog: long. {527
text: (and he walks off toward pool)
speaker_heading: mr
scene_heading: 136 EXT. GARDEN + DAY aff
dialog: 20
text: MED. SHOT - Bonitd medts Carey as he approaches the
dialog: pool +
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Oh, Mz- Carey, all mah friends think I'tse
dialog: got screen talent. Ah want to show you all
dialog: something. Now you listen. (528)
text: And she sings "Love For Sale”. Carey falls into
dialog: the pool.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 137 INT. LIVING ROCM - DAY
text: FULL SHCT - Borden is stretched out on a devenport,
text: reading &@ magazine. Mary enters and comes to him.
dialog: we
scene_heading: 138 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHCT -
speaker_heading: BCRDEN
dialog: Is the dog-fight over? (529)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Arentt they funny? (530)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (with a look - and without smiling)
dialog: Funny? (551)
text: Mary straightens a picture.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ——
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Does that look all right? (532)
speaker_heading: BCRDEN
text: (looks back at it - then, with a grin)
dialog: Why not try it upside down? (533)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with a quick look at him)
dialog: You dontt like the pictures in this house,
dialog: dco you? (534)
speaker_heading: BORDIN
dialog: Well, the lady that furnished vhis place
dialog: was no connoisseur of art. (535)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (looking about, a little wistfully)
dialog: I guess you're right. I thought it was
dialog: gorgeous when I rented it. (536)
text: {she goes end picks up a book and sits
dialog: down)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (carelessly)
dialog: It's all right, darling. What are you
dialog: reading? (537)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (grimly - determined)
dialog: Emily Fost. She tells you how to do every-
dialog: thing ... what forks to use and how to speak
dialog: to the Prince of Wales ... I'm learning the
dialog: darn thing by heart. {538 )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ir
speaker_heading: Lig
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: You funny kid! You don't have to bother
dialog: with that stuff. You'll get along all
dialog: right. Just be yourself. (539)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But therets too much I don't know, Lonny.
dialog: 1540)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (puts down magazine - speaks teasingly)
dialog: What dontt you know? (541)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, this house, I thought it was all
dialog: right. “ You think it's all wrong. (542)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: No I don't, honey, but you wait till our
dialog: mew one is finished. (543)
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: And you don't approve of Bonita, even in
dialog: her new uniforms --- now, do you? (544)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Well .-. (545)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I know- Shall we get a butler? (546)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED 120
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (picking up magazine again)
dialog: Not unless you want one, dear. After all,
dialog: who’s going to see her except Saxe and Carey
dialog: and people from the Studio? (547)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (with a sudden flash in her eye)
dialog: And they don't count, you think? (548)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (carelessly)
dialog: Well, you must admit, they're not sxactly
dialog: fastidious about such things. (549)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (strained -- rises)
dialog: Perhaps not, but they'r? my friends, Lonny.
dialog: You needn’t be so snooty about them. (550)
speaker_heading: BORDAN
dialog: Gosht I didn't mean to be snooty, Mary.
dialog: Only, honestly, you can do business with
dialog: them, but do you have to make intimate
dialog: friends of them? (551)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, I don't have to- I make friends of
dialog: them because I like them. They're human
dialog: and kind and not so darn superior’ (552)
text: (she throws Emily Post down and goes
dialog: quickly into her pedroom)
text: Borden follows her.
dialog: bm
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
scene_heading: INT, BEDROOM = DAY
text: FULL SHOT - Mary enters and going to dressing table
text: a@rawer opens it and takes out a handkerchief ~
text: blows her nose lustily. Borden comes up behind her.
scene_heading: INT. BaDROUM - DAY
text: MED. CLOS SHOT - Borden puts his arms about Mary.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. You were perfectly
dialog: right to resent what I said about
dialog: your friends. (553)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (turns in his arms facing him)
dialog: Lonny, don't let's quarrel about
dialog: anything...... I'll learn about
dialog: everything -~ honest I will.....
dialog: you won't have to be ashamed of me.e-- (554)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: My sweet. (554a)
dialog: They Kiss with all the feeling Mr. Hays will permit,
text: and the kiss holds through two knocks at the door
text: which finally opens and Bonita fills the doorway.
text: Mary and. Borden break away. :
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Bxcuse me, Miss Borden, but the lady
dialog: from the fan magazine is here. She
dialog: says she had an appointment. (555)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, all right, Bonita. Tell her I'll
dialog: be right there. (556)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: 140 CONTINUED
dialog: Yee
text: She starts hurriedly powdering her nose and
text: fixing her hair. Bonita goes out.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I thought we were going to play
dialog: tennis with the Rineharts. (557)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh; Lonny! I forgot all about it.
dialog: Gee, that's too bad. I'll telephone
dialog: and explain,
text: She is putting on a string of pearls and has laid
text: out some rings and bracelets. Borden, with a little
text: smile, and without saying a word, takes the bracelets
text: and all the rings away. Mary "gets" his idea.
dialog: w
speaker_heading: MARY (cont'd)
dialog: All right.
dialog: (she grins}
dialog: Come on, she'll want to meet you too. (558)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: No - not me. (559)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But I promised her. Come on. (560)
text: And he lets himself be led out.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: bm
scene_heading: 141 INT. LIBRARY ~ DAY
text: FULL SHUT - A newspaper woman is leaning over a
text: large photograph on the table.
scene_heading: 142 Int, LIBRARY - Dav
text: CLOS2 SECT - Newspaper woman is looking at
text: photograph of Carey which bears an inscription -
scene_heading: INSERT INSCRIPTION
dialog: 3 YOU WHEAT YOU ARS TODAY
dialog: I HOP? YOU'RS SATISFIED
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 
text: Newspaper woman makes 2 knowing face and turns
text: just as Mary enters with Borden.
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: Eow dtyou do, Miss DuPont? This
dialog: is my husband ~ (561)
speaker_heading: MISS DUPUNT
text: (gushing as she rushes forward)
dialog: How atyou do, Mr. Borden. I didn't
dialog: dream you were so handsome, What a
dialog: vair of lovers! I must photograph
dialog: you looking at each other just like
dialog: that. (562)
dialog: (Borden looks uncomfortable)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, letts sit down, uh?
dialog: (to Borden)**: cae ,
dialog: Bring up that chair, will you, dear? (563)
speaker_heading: MISS DUPONT
text: (moves to divan and sits beside
dialog: Mary)
dialog: You know, Miss Evans, I'm doing a
dialog: series of articles on the Love Lives
dialog: of the Picture Stars. I want your
dialog: Love Life for the April number. (564)
speaker_heading: on CONTINUED
dialog: bm
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: You want what? (565)
speaker_heading: LISS DU PORT
dialog: I hope you won't mind answering some
dialog: rather intimate questions ... you have
dialog: to give them authentic stuff these
dialog: days you know... and my photographer
dialog: will take some pictures of you both
dialog: later - (566)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Sit down, Lonny. (567)
dialog: (he sits grimly)
dialog: w
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT =~
dialog: Of course I know you both married for
dialog: love, but was it the thoughtful,
dialog: reasoning kind, or the blind, passionate
dialog: ubn=nen kind of love? (568)
dialog: Cuhn=n-n is a deep explosive
dialog: descriptive grunt)
text: (she beams on them inquiringly)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (with a quick glance toward
dialog: Porden)
dialog: Why «ee why eee it was se (569)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I think it was the uhnen-n kind. (570)
dialog: (he doesn't emphasize the grunt
dialog: as much as Miss Du Pont did)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Hy
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: CONTINUSD
speaker_heading: HISS DU PONT
dialog: (checks answer - talks as she writes)
dialog: That's gond. Are you planning on
dialog: having a family? (571)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: I hope so Someday. (572)
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT
dialog: Fow interesting’ Do you have
dialog: separate bedrooms? (573)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, neither of us snores. (574)
text: (she smiles tenderly at Borden -
dialog: he almost glares) -
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT
dialog: I must photograph your bedroom.
dialog: Now «es How far do you think a wife
dialog: should go to keep a husband's love,
dialog: Liss Evans? (575)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, I'a go a long ways myself. (576)
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: what dtyou think a husband ought to
dialog: do to keep his wife's love, Mr. Borden’ \
speaker_heading: 577
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: I haven't the slightest idea ..-
dialog: spose you tell me? (578)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ail
dialog: lag____scowrzuzp
speaker_heading: AV
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Itve never been a husband, Mr. Borden.
dialog: That reminds me, have you got 4
dialog: photograph showing your marvellous
dialog: physique? (579)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (rising)
dialog: No ~ but Itve got my appendix upstairs
dialog: in a bottle. Perhaps you'd like to
dialog: photograph that. (580)
dialog: (and he stalks out)
speaker_heading: MISS DU PONT
dialog: Has he gone to get it? (581)
dialog: w
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't think so. (582)
text: As she looks after Borden, worried, we --
speaker_heading: FADS OUT
dialog: fs
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. SAXE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Sexe is eating his lunch off a tray.
text: He is eating with one hand and holding manuscript
text: with the other. Saxe turns from reading the
text: manuscript to the dictaphone.
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Saxe. (583)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Have you got any news of Carey yet? (584)
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: No, Mr. Saxe. (585)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (worried but irritable)
dialog: Did you call all the Hospitals? (586)
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir. (587)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: And the morgue? (588 )
speaker_heading: MISS SPIEGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir. (589 )
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: All right. He ain't dead anyway. (590)
dialog: (returns to manuscript and food)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED 128
text: The next moment Mery bursts in.
speaker_heading: MA RY
dialog: May I come in, Mr. saxe? (5e1)
speaker_heading: SALE
dialog: Oh, hello, Mery. Sure, come in. (592)
dialog: (he puts down manuscript)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. Saxe, the Hollywood ilirror says
dialog: you've hired a new directer to
dialog: finish iiax Carey's picture. (593)
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: And for once the Hollywood liirror
dialog: is right. (594)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (appeal ingly)
dialog: Oh; lr. saxe, that will break his heart.
dialog: (595)
dialog: Saki
dialog: “Tell, already he has broke my heart
dialog: and my pocket book.
text: (Mary puts her bag on his
dialog: desk and sits)
dialog: T should pay a company for one week
text: to do nothing, while Carey goes on
dialog: a binge, (5¢6)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Where is he now? (597)
speaker_heading: CuNTINUED
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED
dialog: S. e
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: You ask me where he is? JI been
dialog: asking the whole world where he is
dialog: for one week. Nobody knows where
dialog: he is, and I don't oare. (598 )
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Itll find him... I'll bring him back.
text: (she rises and picks up (599)
dialog: her bag)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: It wontt do you no good, Mary. This
dialog: time I fired him for good, and I
dialog: mean it. (600)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (appealingly)
dialog: But, Mr. Saxe, if Max ever needed
dialog: help, it's right now. He's been a
dialog: great director ... he can be again...
dialog: if you kick him out now, it'll finish
dialog: him. (601)
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: And if I don't, it'll finish me, I've
dialog: let sentiment interfere with good sense
dialog: too long, Mary. Besides, nobody knows
text: where he is anyway, and the picture
dialog: has got to go on. (602)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll find him. (603)
dialog: {she starts for the door)
speaker_heading: CONTINU ZD
dialog: fs
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: dvyv
speaker_heading: CONTINUES
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (calls after her)
dialog: If he's in jail, I'll bail him
dialog: out, but I won't give hima job,
dialog: I?m tellin’ you. (604)
text: Mary is out the door and Saxe goes on with his
text: eating, but it doesn't taste good, and he throws
text: down his napkin and begins searching fussily for
text: a cigar which he finds and viciously bites.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
scene_heading: COLUMN IN NZWSPAPZR OR TRADE PAPER .
speaker_heading: —
text: Hollywood is laying bets on where
dialog: a certain blonde star will find her
text: errant director. The young lady
dialog: has spent the past two days
text: unsuccessfully combing the speakeasies
dialog: and dives of Los Angeles.
text: A man's hand tears the paper.
scene_heading: PULL CAMERA BACK TO
text: MED. SHOT. Borden is in one twin bed angrily
text: tearing the paper he has just read. Mary is
text: in the other bed, studying lines.
speaker_heading: BORDZN
dialog: Filthy rag: (605)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: I don't know how they find out
dialog: everything I do. (606 )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: That's their business. You're in the
dialog: Hollywood spotlight. You know,
dialog: everything about you is exaggerated
dialog: and discussed in newspapers and
dialog: magazines and around the studios,
dialog: After all you might think of me ...
dialog: of appearances. (607)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Appearances? Listen, Lonny, Carey's
dialog: fired, and I don't want him rolling
text: in gutters where all his fair-weather
text: friends can see him and laugh at him. (608)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: He brought it.on himself. (609 )
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm never going to throw Carey down,
dialog: He gave me my first break. (610)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: But you're throwing me down. No
dialog: privacy -- no home life.. Couldn't
dialog: you arrange to keep your business
dialog: at the studio and not drag it home? (611)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maybe it would be a good idea if I
dialog: stayed at the studio myself. (612)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Don't be nasty. (613)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUZD
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Itm not nasty -- I'm tired of arguing.
dialog: Sometimes I think life is just one
dialog: great big argument. (614)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Mary, I was just thinking ...
text: SOUND There is heard from off a magnificent yodel.
text: Mary and Borden listen. The yodel is repeated.
speaker_heading: BORDEN (cont'd)
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What's that? (615)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's Carey. (616)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: Ae
dialog: ny he ee
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: + Garey is shown, ginned up; and movi through grounds.
text: He pauses beside a statue ef a nude womans whose
text: marble posterior is at level of Carey's face. He
text: scratches a match on the marble posterior, then looks
text: at the statu. He bows to the statue.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (to statue )
dialog: I thought you had pants on.
text: (he cups his mouth with his palm and
dialog: exits a masterly yodel)
dialog: Ade-lay~a-hon! Ho, landlord. (617)
speaker_heading: cur _TO
scene_heading: 14€ INT, MARY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mary and Borden. Borden is up and beside the window,
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: (to Carey, of f)
dialog: Pipe down, old man. We want to sleep. (618)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's not the way to handle him. (619)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (of f-s cene)
dialog: Let a little sunshine in. (620)
dialog: (yodels again)
text: Shot of Borden, disgusted.
dialog: cur_To
dialog: be
dialog: ast
dialog: a ne aarti sceaennnananstiiyse Sa
dialog: 
text: CLOSE SHOT of Carey. He is ina flower bed beneath
text: Mary's lighted window. He is picking up @ newspaper
text: and is cranpling it. He pats crampled paper to
text: ground and reaches for his matches. He begins
text: striking matches, but they go out.
text: SHOT of Borden leaning from window. Wary pops her
dialog: head out also,
speaker_heading: BORDAY
dialog: Wha’ do you think this is?(621)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (singing)
text: On the mountain top,
dialog: I became a flop.
dialog: Ado-lay~eee. Ad-a-lay-o-hoo. (622)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Be a gocd boy, Max, and go on home. (625)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I got something important to tell you. (624)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, what is it? (625)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Nothing. (626)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Now go on home, old man. (627)
speaker_heading: CARLY
dialog: (striking matches on wall)
dialog: Don't call me an old.man, or I'll burn you
dialog: house dom, TI think I'il burn it dew
dialog: anyway. Are you going to let me in? (628)
dialog: cur 10
scene_heading: 149. LNT. Man To LV AN DS os
dialog: 
text: Bonita in negligee with swansdown, as she opens front
text: door - Carey staggering up to the door. .
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: (off scene - calling)
dialog: Bonita; put Mr. Carey to bed. (629)
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Yes, metem. Come in, Hr. Carey. (830)
text: Bonita ushers Carey in.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 149 INT. MARY'S BEDROOK - NIGHT
text: Mery and Borden are in bed - lights are out - only
text: the moonlight flooding in through the window. There
text: is a knock heard at the door.
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Who is it? (6a)
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (opens the door and enters)
dialog: Me .... am I interrupting anything?
text: (sees he isn't and ambles toward beds)
dialog: Itve been doing a lot of thinking - and I
dialog: can't think any more. Where's your a
dialog: 652
speaker_heading: BORDIIN
dialog: This isn't a night club. (633)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Be a good bey, Max, and go to bed. (654)
speaker_heading: be CONTINUED
dialog: att
dialog: 149
dialog: be
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 400
speaker_heading: CARY
dialog: I'm not sleepy. (635)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: , (getting very sere)
dialog: Would you do me a big favor;and go
dialog: home? (636 ).
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (ignoring Borden, goes over
text: and seats himself on the edge
dialog: of Mary's bed)
dialog: Mary, would you two mind if I'd be
dialog: serious for a little while? (637)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now go on to bed; Max. (638)
speaker_heading: CARSY
dialog: No; I have something of interest to
dialog: say to both of you. (639)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
text: (gets out cf bed and puts on
dialog: dressing gewn - to Carey)
dialog: Maybe you'd be more comfertable if
dialog: you come over and get into this bed. (640)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Lonny, this is going just a little
dialog: bit too fer. (41)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: IT don't blame hima bit. He deesn't
dialog: understand people like us. (642)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 149 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “PO RDIN
dialog: And doesn't want to. (643)
speaker_heading: CaR BY
dialog: (interrupting) ~
dialog: will you excuse us while we talk? T
dialog: want to give Mery some good atvice.
dialog: You can listen if you want to -~ it might
dialog: do you som good. (644)
text: Borden picks up his clothes and starts out of
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Where are you going? (645)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
text: As far away from Hollyvood and all
dialog: its inmates as I can. (646)
dialog: Let him go....hetll come back! (647)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't care whether he comes back
dialog: or not. (648)
speaker_heading: BOR DIN
text: (enters with trousers and
dialog: shirt on, finishes tying tie)
dialog: I'm not coming back. I'm fed up on
dialog: this kind of living. I should have
dialog: knom better in the first place ....
dialog: we dontt live in the same worlds. (649)
speaker_heading: be CONTINUED
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: _CONTI NUD
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (furiously )
dialog: That's right. I live ina world where
dialog: people are human beings ~~ not stuffed
dialog: shirts, (650)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: You live in a world where people are
dialog: ‘@ulgar and cheap without knowing it -
dialog: ani if you weren't vulgar and cheap
dialog: yourself, you couldn't stand it. (651)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All right, if that's the way you feel
dialog: get out! Get out! GET OUrt!?
dialog: (he goes and iiary turns to Carey)
dialog: And you get out too....and leave me
speaker_heading: alone. ..GaT OUT (652)
text: Carey goes out. Mary then preaks into hysterical
dialog: weeping.
speaker_heading: FADE_OUT
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 150
scene_heading: WEVSPAPSR HEADLINUS IN ZFFACT:
scene_heading: "LONNY BORDEN ESTABLISH2S
scene_heading: RESIDENCE IN RENO."
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HEADLINES IN EFFECT:
scene_heading: “MARY EVANS DENIES DIVORCE."
speaker_heading: LAP_DISSOLVE
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HfADLINES IN EFFECT:
text: "POLO STAR SUES FILM STAR."
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT - Showing in the distance a group of small
text: puildings, and around one ef them is a circle of
text: light.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - NIGH?
text: MED. SHOT - Cameras are turning on a scene of Mary in
text: the rain outside a house or whatever building is
dialog: available, We don't need dialogue for this scene.
text: Mery comes to a window and peers inside. There is a
text: sound of a motor car stopping and Mery turns, sees
text: car and duczs behind some tushes. Leading man can be
dialog: brought in if desired,
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Cut. O.K. for svund? (653)
speaker_heading: VOICE
speaker_heading: O.K. fer seund. (654)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Mark it. (655)
text: Mary walks out of scene and steps out of character.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Mary comes to a heater and her maid
text: wraps a warm blenket around her. Mary is shivering.
text: Carey is fixing coffee and hands Mery a steaming cup.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: After this, my rain is going to be
dialog: heated. (656
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Here's some that's boiling, onky they
dialog: call it coffee. (657)
text: At this moment the Assistent Director enters.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Here are your-lines fer the next scene;
dialog: Miss Evens, (658)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thanks, Jimmie. (659)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (turns around)
dialog: How are you, Jimmie? (660)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: 153 EXT. RANCH - NIGHT
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: CONTIN GSD ae
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Hello, Mr. Carey. Awfully good to see
dialog: you again.
dialog: (quie tly )
dialog: Ysh you were directing this picture. (661)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Hets ming a better job than I could.
dialog: Have some coffee? (662)
speaker_heading: cur TO
text: MED. SHOT - Saxe's car drives up close to set and
text: stops. Saxe gets out and starts tovard Mary.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - NIGHT
text: MED. GHOT - Mary, Carey and Assistant Director are
text: @rinking coffee. Assis tant puts his cup down and
dialog: turns to DM,
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Thanks. (663)
text: Saxe enters scene,
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (shout s)
dialog: What's holding this up. “hat's keeping the
dialog: film from ging through the camera?
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: What are you doing standing here in soaked
dialog: clothes?
dialog: (to assistant ) ;
dialog: What's the meaning of this? Dontt you realiz
dialog: we have a million doller investment in Miss
text: vans? And here she is risking her life with
dialog: pneumonia ~- America's Pal! Get her some ary
dialog: clothes. (664)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Sure, Mr. Saxe. But you know, it's just
dialog: one of those scenes. (665)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (turns to Carey)
dialog: Oh --- Good evening, Maximilian. (666)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Bon Soir, MonsieurLa Saxe. (667)
speaker_heading: SAXE.
dialog: How long has it been since you've had
dialog: a firink? (668)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Oh; about six weeks. (669)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: six weeks? (670)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Well, ebout four. (671)
speaker_heading: SAX’
dialog: td
dialog: Not a drop in four weeks? (672)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Well, not for a couple of days except for
dialog: a little wine tonic. I just bottled a
text: fresh batch of home brew and it's swell.
dialog: . (belche s)
speaker_heading: Okay fer seund, (673)
dialog: cur To
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 57
dialog: 
text: MED. SIioT. A messenger boy is just arriving on
text: a motorcycle, He stops and gets off.
scene_heading: EXT, RANCH - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - The messenger boy enters and gives Mary
text: a telegram.
speaker_heading: MisSuNGuR
dialog: Miss Evans? (674)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. (675)
text: She takes telegram while her maid signs and pays
text: the boy who leaves.. Mary reads:
speaker_heading: TELEGRAM
dialog: ‘Dear Mary. You will be glad to know that
dialog: Iamno longer Mr. Mary Evans, You are now
dialog: free white and twenty-one. Divorce was
dialog: granted today.
dialog: Larry."
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - NIGH?
text: CLOSE UP - Mary finishes reading the telegram and
text: tries not to give way.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR'S VOIcs
dialog: All right Miss ivans for the next scene
dialog: if you're ready. (676)
text: Mary mekes a desperate effort to hang on to herself,
text: tries to smile as she says -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ww Lf al
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All rigit. I'm... ready... (677)
dialog: But she can't do it. She is going to break. She
text: turns toward saxe.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. RANCH - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Mary takes a few steps and reaches
dialog: Saxe.
dialog: (seeing her face)
dialog: “Thy; Mary, what's the matter, darling?
dialog: ~
dialog: “4 thout a werd she hands him the wire, which he
text: reads and then looks up at her.
speaker_heading: SAXE (Cont'd)
dialog: (determined to cheer her)
dialog: Well, that’s fine! He never did understand
dialog: you. It's better this way. You should be
dialog: happy, (678)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Happy? Sure I'm happy. Why shouldn't I be?
dialog: Itm going to fave a baby in September. (679)
dialog: (she breaks completely)
text: Saxe opens his arms ani she goes into them, weeping.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (petting her as he would a child)
dialog: There, there, it'll be a blessing! (680)
speaker_heading: FADS OUT
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT.STREET - DAY:
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT (Traveling). A rubberneck wagon with
text: a dozen or more tourists is mking the rounds of the
text: stars’ homes in Beverly Hills.’
speaker_heading: BARK=R
dialog: (with megaphone)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, you are seeing the
dialog: homes of all the outstanding stars of
dialog: Cinemaland. We are mw coming to - not
dialog: the largest; but one of the most chaming
dialog: little estates in Beverly Hills. I refer
dialog: to the home of America's Pal, Miss Mary
dialog: Evans - on your right. (681)
text: Everybody turns to look eagerly.
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: Oh, isn’t it lovely?....
dialog: Oh, Mary Zvans is my favorite star}...
dialog: I got a picture of Mary Evans...
speaker_heading: (ete.) (682)
dialog: cur to
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S NEW HOME ~ DAY
text: LONG SHOT - showing a lovely house in beautiful,
text: well-kept grounds. Something with fine lines
text: architecturally dignified and in excellent taste.
speaker_heading: BARKER'S VOICE
dialog: (over scene)
dialog: This howewas two years in the milding,
dialog: and received first prize from the
dialog: California Architectural Society. It is
dialog: said the interior is a model of taste, in
dialog: decoration end furnishing. Miss Evans had
dialog: a special nursery built at a cost of....(663)
text: (as he speaks his voice gradually
text: dies out, giving the impression
dialog: that the wagon goes on)
speaker_heading: EAP DISSOLVE OUT
dialog: be
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 
scene_heading: IND, LIVING ROOM OF MARY'S NW HOME - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT (Traveling). Mary is holding the
text: hand of a young man of two, and together they are
dialog: looking for something.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now where dtyou suppose the bunny
dialog: would leave those Easter eggs - (684)
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: There, Mom ... there! (685)
text: (the youngster makes a dive into
text: the corner of the davenport where
text: there is a little basket of
dialog: colored eggs)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, you found them! Maybe.there
dialog: are more. Let's look over here. (68%)
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM OF MARY'S NEW HOME - DAY
text: LONGER SHOT - showing Saxe watching Mary and Bobbie
dialog: hunt for Easter eggs.
speaker_heading: SAX
dialog: What a cute little fella he's getting
dialog: to bes We soon have a new screen lover. (687)
text: Nurse enters to get baby.
scene_heading: i69 Ni, LIVING AYU UE pa) fe
dialog: 22
text: MED. SHOT - Mery adroitly leads baby to look under
text: a chairor a table cr whatever.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I wonder if a bunny could get under here?
dialog: (688)
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Yes ... yes ... I see 'em! (689)
text: (he dives in and brings out more
dialog: eggs)
text: While the baby is dragging out the eggs, a butler
text: approaches Mery. He has.a live white rabbit ina
text: wooden cage effect. Attached to the cage is an
dialog: envelope.
speaker_heading: BUT LER w
dialog: This just came for Bobbie, Miss Evans. (690)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, how cunning}
text: (she quickly opens envelope and
dialog: takes cut a mte)
dialog: Thank you, Martin. (691)
text: Mertin puts cage on the table and goes out.
dialog: Mary reads note;
dialog: INSERT Dear Mary -
dialog: Would you mind if theyoung man
dialog: had an Easter gift from the old man?
dialog: Lonny
dialog: (or)
dialog: Do you mind if I seman aster
dialog: gift to our son?
dialog: Lonny
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: be
dialog: 
text: Mery smiles, takes the rabbit from the cage, and
text: looking at it with unusual tenderness. She holds
text: it close to her cheek.
speaker_heading: _ BOBBIE'S VOICE
dialog: Bunny, Mom! Bunny! (692)
text: Mery is reminded that the giftis for her son,
text: and turns quickly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Here's your bunny, sn - a beautiful
dialog: birthday present from your Daddy. (693)
text: Bobbie takes bunny and hugs it.
speaker_heading: - SAXD
dialog: (with a look at Mary)
dialog: Ah! From his daddy. Is Lonny in town,
dialog: Mary? (694)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. (695)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: I read in the paper he is going to
dialog: play polo in Del Monte next month. (696)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (elaborately careless)
dialog: Yes. I understand he's engaged to
dialog: a girl there. (697)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SAxe
dialog: I'll wet he would like you should
dialog: take him back? Why don't you? (698)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (with a pat on his shoulder
dialog: and a smile)
dialog: Stop writing scenarios, Saxie. (699)
text: (she turns to the baby, and the
text: next moment the butler re-enters)
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: There's someone on the telephone, Miss
text: Evans, who says hets James, Mr. Carey's
dialog: chauffeur. He said you'd remember him,...
speaker_heading: (70071)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to Saxe)
dialog: Jemes! I wonder what he wants.
dialog: I'll be right back. (702)
dialog: (she mes)
dialog: gur_to
dialog: alb
dialog: be
dialog: es
dialog: is
scene_heading: INT, HALL - MAAL Oo NS Oe
text: FULL SHOT - showing spacious beautiful hall and
text: stairway. Mary enters and goes to telephone.
scene_heading: 165 INT. HALL - MARY'S NEW HOME - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT - Mary at telephone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in phone)
dialog: Hello ... yes, James, how are you? (703)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 166 INT. DRUG STORE - DaY
text: CLOSE SHOT. James is talking on telephone. He wears
text: a taxi-driver's uniform .
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (in phone)
text: Ah accidentally run across Mr. Carey
dialog: yesterday, and he's in pretty bad shape,
dialog: Miss Evans ... Ah think he needs a doctor...
dialog: (704)
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: 167 INT, HALL - MARY'S NEW HOME - DaY
text: MED, CLOSE SHOT - Mary at telephone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in phone)
dialog: I'm glad you called me, James, Meet me at
dialog: the Studio right away. We'll go and get
dialog: him... Goodbye! (705)
text: {she hangs up and turns
dialog: thoughtfully to go out)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: alb
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
scene_heading: __EXT. OF 4 DUMP - Day
text: MED. LONG SHOT - Mary, driven by her own chauffeur
text: with James in the front seat beside him, arrives at
text: the curb. Mary gets out and goes in, followed by
dialog: James.
scene_heading: INT. DUMP - HaLLway - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Mary enters, hurries along hallway to a
text: door which she opens.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - DUMP - DAY
dialog: 
text: FULL SHOT. Mary pushes open the door and enters. At
text: a table, in the center of the room, a floosie ina
text: kimono is playing solitaire, a drink in front of her,
text: On a couch nearby lies Carey, dead to the world.
text: Mary crosses to him quickly. Floosie looks up and
text: sees her.
speaker_heading: FLOOSIE
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: Well, why don't you come in? Don't
dialog: bother to knock. (706)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (over her shoulder as she
dialog: pends over Carey)
dialog: I'm a frien of Mr. Carey's, (1707)
speaker_heading: FLOOSIE
dialog: (blinking)
dialog: So'm I, He's drunker'n a goat. (708)
dialog: alb
dialog: inal
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM » DUMP + DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT. Mary leans over Carey, who is @irty and
text: unshaven, and shakes him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mex! Max! (709)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (opens one eye)
dialog: Whassamatter? Who you jigglin'? (710)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Itts Mary. I've come to take you
dialog: home, Max. (711)
speaker_heading: . CAREY
dialog: (gets good look at her -
dialog: - rises on elbow)
dialog: Thass right! ‘Tis Mary... Who
dialog: told you I was here? (712)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Never mind. Itve been looking for
dialog: you for months. Come on. (713)
text: (she tries to help him
dialog: get to his feet)
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (turns and looks at her with
text: a little smile of tenderness
text: and gratitude, then suddenly
dialog: frowns)
dialog: You shouldn't come to a place like this,
dialog: Mary.... Got to get you out of here. (714)
dialog: (he' gets to his feet)
dialog: alb
dialog: 172
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM » DUMP - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Carey tries to stand erect, takes a step
text: and puts a hand over his heart, and catches his
text: preath. A spasm of pain crosses his fece,.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (concerned - taking his arm)
dialog: You're i11, Max. You must see a doctor.
dialog: (715)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (pain has passed and he
dialog: breathes freely again)
dialog: Not me. A doctor'll tell me I drink
dialog: too much... (716)
text: (he smiles down at her)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiles back)
dialog: Well, you can always argue the point
dialog: with him. (717)
text: “(she gently propels him forward)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (seriosly)
dialog: That's right, I can.
text: Carey walks with difficulty. Mary motions James with
text: her head to come. James, who is standing in the
text: doorway, now approaches and takes Carey's other am.
text: Carey sees him,
speaker_heading: CAREY (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, there's Jimmy... Hello, James...
dialog: Anything new?... (718)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello, Mr. Carey! Glad to see you, sir.(719)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I never realized how much I've missed you U9
dialog: By this time they are through the door, and we -
speaker_heading: Lab DISSOLVE our
dialog: alb
dialog: 173
speaker_heading: LA&P DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MARY'S NEW HOME ~ DAY
text: FULL SHOT. Butler opens the door, and Mary and James
text: pring Carey inside. Butler closes door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Martin, will you please show James
dialog: the way to the guest room? Mr. Carey
dialog: is ill, and James will put him to bead. (721)
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes, Miss Evans.
dialog: (to Tames)
dialog: Will you come this way? May I help? (722)
speaker_heading: CARZY
dialog: “(to butler)
dialog: Thanks, old man, I'm doing fine. (85)
text: But, on the second step of the stairs, he misses his
text: footing, and-Jemes has all he can do to hold him up.
text: Butler helps. Mary watches, distressed.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: Loo
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 174 INT. GU3ST ROOM = DAY
text: FULL SHOT ~ Carey is in bed, a nurse is looking at a
text: chart which hangs on the wall at one side of the bed.
text: A doctor is writing a prescription at the other side.
text: Mary is seated on the side of the bed, holding Carey's
dialog: hand,
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You're doing me proud, Mr. Cary. In
dialog: another week or ten days, you'll be able
dialog: to go back to work. (724)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (with a touch of betterness)
dialog: Work and I haven't been on speaking terms
dialog: for a couple of years, Doctor. (725)
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (loyally)
dialog: And whose fault is that? You just wait
dialog: till the studios know you'll accept a
dialog: picture. (726)
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (with a grateful, amused smile at
text: Mary and a pat of his handaj
dialog: O.K. I'll wait. (727)
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Ard now, you get a little nap, uh?
dialog: (Mary gets up to go) (728)
speaker_heading: CARY
dialog: And if I can't sleep, I'll cry for my bottle,
dialog: (729)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: im
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you santt sleep, you count your new
text: red corpuscles as they multiply. (730)
text: She fixes the bed clothes and goes out with the
text: doctor. The nurse lowers the shades and prepares
dialog: to follow.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: 175 INT. MARY'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Saxe is standing reading a letter which
text: he puts in his pocket as Mary enters.
speaker_heading: MARY
speaker_heading: X
dialog: Hello, Saxiet (731)
speaker_heading: SAXE
text: (as they move toward divan)
dialog: Hello Mary! How is Carey, today? (732)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Much better. The doctor says he'll
dialog: be able to go to work in a week or so, (733)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (genuinely pleased) :
dialog: Oht- That's fine, You've given him the
dialog: best care, Mary ... youtve been a good
dialog: friend ... but I'll be glad when hets
dialog: out of your house, (734)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (on the defensive)
dialog: I s'pose you've heard some gossip. (735)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: im
dialog: L?5
speaker_heading: GON ts.
speaker_heading: INU LL?
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: Why wouldn't there be gossip, My dearesse
text: when a beautiful young divorcee installs
dialog: aman in her home. (736
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Zven when he's as sick as Max was? (737)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: A man is a man even if he is sick, and
dialog: pesides, Max is alicst well, now.
dialog: (cajolingly)
dialog: You better let him go somewhere else.
dialog: Be sensible. (738)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All right. Max will be moved out of this
dialog: house the day you promise to give him
dialog: a job. 1939)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: But Mary .ee« he's not a good director
dialog: any MOTC..e- (740 }
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes he is. Het1l come back strong.
dialog: (pleads)
dialog: Give hima chance, Saxie. He made you
dialog: a lot of money in the old days. (741)
speaker_heading: SAX
dialog: But these are new days - (742)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: CONTINUZD
dialog: 158
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let him direct my next picture. [tm
dialog: willing to gamble and I've got something
dialog: to lose, too. Let's give him one more
dialog: chance, Saxie. (743)
speaker_heading: SAXIE
dialog: All right, Mary. You do four pictures
dialog: next year instead of three for the same
dialog: salary and I'll do it. (744)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Four pictures it is. . (745)
dialog: um
speaker_heading: SALE:
dialog: And move Carey to a hotle tomorrow.
dialog: (746)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If the doctor is willing ....
dialog: (Saxe beams ~ she reaches for
text: his hand and shakes it)
dialog: Saxie, youtre what America's Pal
dialog: calls a Pall
dialog: (they shake hands and laugh) (747)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: fs
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: Lo?
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. STREET AT RANCH - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Carey is waiting for the lights to be
text: placed. Mary is in a chair marked with her name.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Whenever you're ready, boys. (748)
speaker_heading: ELECTRIC LAN
dialog: Just a minute, Mr. Carey. Move that
dialog: reflector, Pete. (749 )
text: Pete moves the reflector a little. At this moment
text: Saxe enters to Mary.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET RANCH - DaY
text: MED, CLOSE SHOT. Saxe takes Mary's hand.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Come for a little walk. I want
dialog: to talk with you. (750)
text: Mary rises and goes with him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET RANCH - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT. Carey sees Saxe lead Mary off the set.
text: He watches them a moment, realizing there is
text: something in the wind.
scene_heading: 179 EXT. STREET RANCH - DAY
text: MED. CLUSE SHOT. Mary and Saxe stop while Saxe
text: tells her what's on his chest.
speaker_heading: SaXE
dialog: Itve looked at all the stuff he's shot
dialog: and I tell you, Mary, it's very bad. .
dialog: (750-a)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It didn't feel so bad while I was
dialog: doing it. (751)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: You sure he isntt drinking on the quiet?
dialog: (752)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm sure he hasn't touched a drop
dialog: since the picture started. (753)
speaker_heading: SAxu
dialog: Well, then he just can't direct when
dialog: he's sober. I'm going to tell him. (754)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Wait, Saxie, Can't you let him finish
dialog: it? It's only a week more, Another
dialog: director couldn't possibly make much
dialog: difference now. (755)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: No, Mary. Itve got New York bankers
dialog: to think of. It ain't fair. I've
dialog: got to let Carey go. (756)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fs
speaker_heading: i779
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then let me tell him ... please. (757)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: All right. Go ahead. I'd have fired
dialog: him a week ago if I thought you'd
dialog: tell him. (758)
dialog: (they move toward set)
scene_heading: EXT, STREET RANCH - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Mary and Saxe come to place they left
text: Carey. He is nowhere to be seen. Mary looks about.
speaker_heading: MARY XK
dialog: (to assistant)
dialog: Where's Max? (759)
speaker_heading: ASSISTaNT
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: I don't know, Miss Evans. He just said
dialog: he was retiring from pictures and
dialog: walked away. (760)
text: Mary turns and looks at Saxe.
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Smart fella! He always was a jump
dialog: ahead of me.
dialog: (to assistant)
dialog: Dismiss the company. That'll be
dialog: all for today. (761)
dialog: (Mary and Saxe turn to leave)
speaker_heading: . ASSISTANT
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Wrap ‘em up. (762)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: i8l
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 182
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: FADE IV “Ne
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MARY'S NBV HOME - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - Mary is propped up on the davenport, study-
dialog: ing @ script, memorizing lines.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (memorizing)
dialog: "Go back to your father and tell him I
dialog: don't want his name. I can- get a better
dialog: one." (763)
text: At this moment there is a tap on the window. Mary
text: turns quickly and sees Carey's face peering in. Then
text: she hears him yodel. She rises and goes toward hall.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - MARY'S NEW HOME - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - Mary enters and opens the door. - Carey
text: stands in doorway. He is, thoroughly oiled. a
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Hello, Mary’ I'm drunk. (764)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: {startled at his appearance)
dialog: Max, you look terriblet Come in. {765)
text: He enters, stops, then makes a terrific effort to walk
text: toward living room. Mary closes the door and follows
text: him quickly.
scene_heading: 183 INT. LIVING ROOM - MARY'S Now dOMs - NiGHs _—
text: MED. SHOT - Carey sinks onto the davenport, and Mary
dialog: site down beside him. 2
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Youtre sick, Max. I'll telephone
dialog: Dr. Harrison. (766)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: No. Just give me a drink, Mary. I'll
dialog: pe all right .-. (767)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I darentt give you anything to drink,
dialog: dear. You know what the doctors said.
dialog: (768)
speaker_heading: K
speaker_heading: CAREY e
dialog: But I've had some -..- I've had a lot and
dialog: it didn't kill me +--+ Doctors don't always
dialog: know everything «-- (769)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Max, why did you do it? (770)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (with real feeling)
dialog: Because I've ruined your picture ... (771)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (loyally)
dialog: No you haven't, Max. (772)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: I know. Saxie wanted to fire me ... you
dialog: wouldn't let him .... (773)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ar
speaker_heading: 8S
speaker_heading: CONTINVED
speaker_heading: —_—
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Listen, dear, you don't believe all the
dialog: gossip in a studio .-. (774)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (ivrelevan tly)
dialog: You're a sweet kid, Mary .-- but I'm onto
dialog: myself ... T thought it might be a
dialog: fairly good picture, too. (775)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is good, Max. (776 )
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: No, it isn't? It’s terriblet (777)
text: (he buries his face in his hands) -
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If it is, itts my fault, Max. I wanted
dialog: to make the story -.-
dialog: (or)
dialog: No matter what it is, it isn't your fault,
dialog: Mox- We all agreed on the story, and
dialog: youtve worked harder than any of us «.-
dialog: (778)
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: (Looks up and smiles at her
dialog: gratefully)
dialog: You would say that’ How "bout a little
dialog: drink?
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: I «++ I need it, Mery: (779)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Itll call the doctor. If he says yes, I'll
dialog: give you some. (780)
dialog: (she rises}
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mr
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Mary, who's going to finish your picture?
dialog: (781 )
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (realizing how much her answer
dialog: means to him)
dialog: You are, if youtil just pull yourself out of
dialog: this. (782 )
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: pid Saxie say so? (783)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: of course- He wants you to finish it. Now
dialog: you hang on; +--+ Itll be right back. (784)
speaker_heading: CAREY.
text: (catching her hand, as she turns)
dialog: Mary. (785)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, dear. (786)
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (from his heart)
dialog: Taere never was another girl like you ..-.
dialog: I've known it from the first time we met .-.
dialog: You started in taking care of me ... (787)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with mock severity)
dialog: And I'm about through. I'm going to get you
dialog: your last drink, young fella. You're going
dialog: dry again from tomorrow on- (788)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: why
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: 183
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 184
speaker_heading: CONTINUED oe
text: He smiles at her, and she withdraws her hand, fixes
text: his pillow, and, eas he sinks back on it, she hurries
text: out. Carey reaches in his vocket and pulls out a
text: cigarette and a few matches, lights them, then his
text: hand falls, and the lighted matches drop onto the
dialog: floor.
text: CLOSE UP OF BURNING MATCHES
dialog: UNTIL THEY GO OUT
dialog: Shoot death scene two ways -- Once with revolver to
dialog: indicate suicide.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - Mary at telephone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Hello, Dr. Harrison please. Miss Evans.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Hello, Doctor ... Fine, thanks ... it's
dialog: about Max Carey- He's of f the wagon -.-
dialog: quite a. bit I'm afraid ... he's here and
dialog: wants a drink ... I was afraid to give it
dialog: to him... yes, pretty bad shape ...
dialog: thanks doctor. Yes. Goodbye. (789)
text: (she hangs up and goes toward
dialog: Living room)
speaker_heading: mr
scene_heading: 185 INT. LIVING ROOM-+ NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT - Mary enters from hall and approaches the
text: davenport where Carey is lying. She bends over him
text: and it begins to dawn on her that he is dead.
text: Suddenly she drops on her knees beside him and begins
text: to rub his hands with her own.
speaker_heading: MARY
speaker_heading: Maext Maxt (790)
text: She realizes he is beyond her aid and @ sob escapes
text: her. She gets slowly to her feet, crying, and runs
text: to the telephone.
scene_heading: 186 INT. HALL - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - Mary runs into scene and dials 0-operator.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (trying to control her voice)
dialog: Operator ... get me the emergency hospital ..
dialog: quick .-.. (791)
text: (she weeps audibly as she waits)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 187 INT. RADIO ROOM - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - an announcer is reading the midnight
text: news broadcast. A man hands hima slip of paper.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: ana the Senate is still investigating the
dialog: matter.
text: (he glances at slip of paper )
dialog: and now ladies and gentlemen we have just
dialog: received some news that will be a great
dialog: shock +o the. Hollywood film colony.
dialog: Maxmillian Carey, the weil known director,
dialog: - was found dead under mysterious circumstances
text: in the home of Mary Evans tonight. The two
dialog: were alone in the house when the tragedy
dialog: occurred. There seems +o be some question
dialog: as to whether the death was suicide or from
dialog: natural causes. Coroner Mills has ordered
dialog: an autopsy. Maxmillian Carey was the dis-
dialog: coverer of Mary Evans and directed many of
dialog: her successes. At the time of her divorce
dialog: from the famous Polt Star, Lonny Borden, the
dialog: name of Mr. Carey was mentioned as being the
dialog: cause of the marital rift, but he was not
dialog: named in the divorce suit.- (792)
scene_heading: 188 INT. COCOANUT GROVS - NIGHT
text: SOUND FULL SHOT - Dancing, dining, music, Dancing ends.
text: as people take their seats.
scene_heading: 189 INT. COCOANUT GROVE - NIGHT
text: MED. SEIDT - Someone whispers to the leader of the
text: orchestra whe is broadcasting. Leader turns and
dialog: announces:
speaker_heading: LEaDER
dialog: .adies and gentlemen, there has just been
text: an announcement over the radio that Maxmilli:
dialog: Carey died tonight under mysterious circum-
text: stances in the home of Mary Evans, The Cor
dialog: oner has.ordered an sutopsy to determine
dialog: vhether death was due to suicide or natural
dialog: causes, (793 )
speaker_heading: cur_TO
scene_heading: 190 INT. COCOANUT GROVE - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - A table of four, evidently pioture
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: 1ST DINER
dialog: What dtyou know about that? “as Max
dialog: Carey living at Mary's home? (794)
speaker_heading: 2ND DINER
dialog: Nobodytll believe it if he wasn’t. (795)
dialog: cur_To
scene_heading: 192 INT. COCOANUT GROVE - NIGH?
text: MED. CLOS! SHOT - Another table.
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: SRD DINER
dialog: D'you think he killed himself on
dialog: her account? (796)
speaker_heading: 4TH DINER
dialog: Maybe somebody killed him, Wherets
dialog: her divorced husband? (797)
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 192
scene_heading: INT. COCOANUT GROVE - NIGHT
dialog: 
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Another table.
speaker_heading: FIFTH DINER
dialog: “hat an awful thing to hapnen to
dialog: Mary Evans. (798)
scene_heading: SIXTH DINER -GIRL
dialog: “Iell, there goes her career. Julius Saxe
dialog: will be needing a new pal for america, (79°)
text: (she gets out mirror and fixes
dialog: herself)
speaker_heading: FADE_OUT
dialog: bn
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: INSERT
dialog: 193
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: FaDE IN i
scene_heading: MYSTERIOUS DEATH IN STAR'S HOME
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: HEADLINE
scene_heading: MARY EVANS DENIES CAREY ROMANCE
speaker_heading: LaP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: STAR FAINTS AT DIRECTOR'S GRaVE
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: HEADLINE
scene_heading: FILM SCANDAL STIRS NATION
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: HEADLINE
scene_heading: EXHIBITORS CANCEL MaRY EVAN'S FILMS
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: HEADLINE
scene_heading: SCaNDiL BLASTS STAR'S CAREER
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S NEY HOME + DAY
text: MED. LONG SHOT - Showing a group of reporters in a
text: ear on the driveway or wherever. Beside the front
text: door stands two guards. A still camera man is
text: taking pictures of the house and grounds.
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
speaker_heading: SCUND
dialog: 172
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S NEW HOME » DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT + Reporters in car marked Press.
speaker_heading: lst REPORTER
dialog: I wonder how long this Evans-Carey
dialog: story will hog the front page» (801)
speaker_heading: 2nd REPORTER
dialog: Long enough to wash her up in pictures. (802)
speaker_heading: cur _TO
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S NEV HOME - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - A couple of reporters climb over a wall
text: ané approach the back door and ring the bell.
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S NW HOME - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Reporter keeps his finger on bell.
text: Nobody opens the door but we hear the sound of steady
dialog: ringing.
speaker_heading: 3ra@ REPORTER
dialog: They won't answer. I rang the front
dialog: door bell for five hours yesterday. (803)
text: At this moment a window opens and Bonita sticks her
dialog: head out.
speaker_heading: BONTTA
dialog: You reporters will have to get out.
text: Miss Evans is not seeing anybody at
dialog: all. (804)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
speaker_heading: ate
speaker_heading: ~ CONTINUET
speaker_heading: 4th REPORTER
dialog: Ts she home? (805 )
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Ab don't know nothin' about where she
dialog: is. You'll have to stay off the
dialog: premises, that's all. (806 )
speaker_heading: 3rd REPORTSR
dialog: You tell her shetd get a lot better
dialog: break from the papers if she'd play
dialog: ball. (807)
dialog: They go.
dialog: cur_To
text: MED. CLOS= SHOT - Still man is snapping pictures.
dialog: Reporter points.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: That's the window of the room where
dialog: it happened. Get it. (808)
text: Still man snaps it.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE our
dialog: aid
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: SOUND
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - Day
text: MED. SHOT. Mary and Saxe are in the midst of a
text: hectic conference. Mary is pacing the floor, Saxe
text: is seated on the edge of the ohair. The chairs,
text: tables and floor are strewn with newspapers. The
text: telephone belk rings in the distance almost
text: continuously, also the doorbell. Mary stops near
text: a window. She is at the breaking point.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (at window)
dialog: Can't we get rid of those reporters?
dialog: Can't you make them leave me alone...?
dialog: (809)
dialog: (soothingly) ~ , .
dialog: Now, sit down Mary...be calm...they're
dialog: just doing their job.... (810)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's easy for you to be calm! People
dialog: aren't whispering about you -- printing
dialog: lies about you...tmzning against you...
dialog: . (she breaks a little)
dialog: e-eand what did I do? I brought a
dialog: sick man to my house... (811)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (with tender sympathy} .
dialog: I know Mary and it breaks my heart too.
dialog: But people don't understand relationships
dialog: like yours and Carey's. (812)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupts passionately)
dialog: I'm glad I did! I'd do it all over again’
dialog: I was the only friend he had...I only
dialog: wanted to help him... (813}
text: (she begins to cry and sits resting
text: her head on her hand, moving it from
dialog: side to side as if it ached)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: SAKE
dialog: (patting her shoulder)
dialog: Of course you did, darling, and if you
dialog: were just an ordinary girl, it would have
dialog: been all right. But you're a motion
dialog: picture star...you belong to the public. .
dialog: -- they make you and they break you...
dialog: ~ (814)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (rising again with determination)
dialog: Well, they're not going to break me
dialog: without a fight. Itve worked too hard
dialog: to get where IT am. I'm going to tell them
speaker_heading: MY SIdCcesee (815)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (trying to cheer her)
dialog: That's a good idea. We will invite all
dialog: the newspaper boys to my office and you
dialog: will make a statement... (816)
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: D'you think that will do any good
dialog: Saxe? (817)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: Sure it will do good. The public doesn't
dialog: went to be unjust, Mary. Wetll try it
dialog: anyway. (818)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: You think they'll believe I'm telling
dialog: the truth? (819)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Hel
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (consclingly)
dialog: of course they will. And in a few
dialog: months, it will all be forgotten. (820)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (with a touch of bitterness)
dialog: In a few months Mary Zvans will be
dialog: forgotten. America will have another
speaker_heading: pal. (821)
dialog: Saxe
dialog: Nobody will ever take your place,
dialog: darling. (822)
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: {patting his hand)
dialog: You're just being sweet...but “I won't
dialog: give up ...it isn't just a career I'm
dialog: thinking about..eee
dialog: (she tries not to break)
dialog: Itve got a son, Saxie....I want to clear
dialog: my name for his sake.... don't you see,
speaker_heading: GeaLesees . ’
text: (she catches hold of both his arms)
dialog: I've got totI've got to fight this
dialog: thing, for Jackie's sake! (823)
text: At this moment the butler enters with a note which
text: he hands to Mary.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: A reporter sent this in, Miss Evans. (824)
text: He goes out. Mary opens note with nervous fingers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: INSERT
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PENCIL SCRAWL -
text: Is it true that Lonny Borden is on his way
dialog: here to get possession of his son?
text: Mary looks up terrified.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Saxie, Itve gt to get awayveces (825)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: What is it? (826)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (shows him paper ~- she is+deadly
text: afraid. . He is reading it as she
dialog: Spe aks)
dialog: I've got to get Jackie away to Europe
dialog: where nobody can find us... (827)
dialog: {she is thinking frantically)
speaker_heading: SAXE
dialog: (looking up fram paper)
dialog: Why he couldn't take Jackie away
dialog: from you. (828)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (speaks incoherently)
dialog: Maybe he could -~ with all this
dialog: scandalee,s. (829)
speaker_heading: SAXB
dialog: How do you know he wants to take
dialog: Juckie?.... How does the reporter
dialog: know? (830)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: They must know something --- how am
dialog: I going to get out of here? (831 )
speaker_heading: SAXE .
dialog: (trying to soothe her)
dialog: Now Mary, be sensible. If you run away
dialog: now people will believe the worst. (832)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (hysterically
dialog: I don't care what people believe ... I
dialog: won't lose Jackie. Get me out of here,
dialog: Saxie .. I'll take Jackie to Europe «+
dialog: quick, we mustn't lose any time ... see
dialog: when a plane leaves -.. we'll go to
dialog: Europe «.. (833)
text: She hurries out, followed by Saxe talking -
dialog: Saxe
dialog: (as he follows her out)
dialog: Mary, we should call my lawyer first.
dialog: I don't believe Lonny would even try
dialog: such a dirty trick .-. and he couldn't
dialog: do it anyway o.. {834)
dialog: (they are out of the room)
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: But I'm afraid ... I'm afraid ..... (835)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: *
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE_IN
scene_heading: 1ige2 EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. LONG SHOT. Showing foreign street with signs
dialog: in French or Spanish and foreign atmosphere,
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 200 EXT. VILLA - DAY
text: MED, SHOT - showing smll but charming Ville with a
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 201 EXT, GARDEN - DAY
text: FULL SHOT - shorins nertion of garden with gate in
text: wall and part of the Villa with a door leading from
text: it into garden, Mary is digging around plants.
text: She wears a charming sun hat and smart over-alls.
text: Bonita comes from Villa followed by a French cook.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. GARDEN ~ DAY
dialog: 
text: MED. SHOT. Mary digs as Bonita and cook enter scene.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (she hes ¢ vhrsse bock
dialog: in her hand)
dialog: Miss Evans, this here French cook don't
dialog: understand her own language. Ah been
dialog: tellin' her to make Tice puddin' with
dialog: raisins and all she does is bark at me
dialog: like a dog oof! oof! (836)
dialog: cook
dialog: (in French)
dialog: All I ask is how many eggs Madame, and
dialog: how many raisins? (837)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Leughs)
dialog: She is asking you how many eggs, Bonita.
dialog: Oeuf means egg.
dialog: (to cook in French)
dialog: Two eggs Therese, and three quarters
text: of a cup of raisins. One pint of milk.
dialog: (638)
dialog: Cook
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Merei, Madame. I knor how it is made.
dialog: (she starts back) (839)
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Oof means egg. This here new French
dialog: language has got me down. (840)
text: At this minute a French nurse comes dashing
text: through the gate, in a hysteria of excitement.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Madeamet Madamet Has Jackie arrived yet?
dialog: (v41)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Why no, Therese, (842)
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (in French)
dialog: A man took him. Ee said he would
dialog: bring him home to yous I only went
dialog: to buy a newspaper and when I returned,
dialog: the man was playing with Jackie, (843)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 181
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: What is it, Miss Evans? (844)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Someone has taken Jackie. (845)
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: {in French)
dialog: He said not to be alarmed ... that
dialog: he was Jackie's papa --- (846)
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: What's she jabberin', Miss Evans? (847)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She says Jackie's father has taken
dialog: him... (848)
text: And at this moment Jackie's voice is heard and
text: SOUND the gerden gate clicks.
speaker_heading: JACKIE'S VOICE
dialog: We can get in this way --- (849)
text: Everybody turns and sees --
scene_heading: 203 EXT. GARDEN + DAY
text: MED, SHOT. Borden and Jackie open the gate and
text: enter. The nurse runs forward and grabs up Jackie
text: in her arms, talking in French.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: There you are, mon petite. Thank God
dialog: you are all right. Wret a fright I
dialog: have had. (850)
text: Borden walks over to Mary.
scene_heading: 204 EXT. GARDEN - DAY
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in French to Nurse)
dialog: Take Jackie in the house, Therese. (851)
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Oui, Madame. (852)
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: {calls to Borden)
dialog: The frog is over there. (853)
dialog: (points to a fountain or wherever)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Thanks, Jackie. It'll look him up. (854)
dialog: 183
scene_heading: 205 EXT. GARDEN - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. Nurse with Jackie enters Villa,
text: followed by Bonita.
scene_heading: 206 EXT. GARDEV - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Mary stands facing Borden.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Hello, Mary. (855)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How did you find us? (856 )
dialog: ~
dialog: Lo
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Detectives. I kidnapped Jackie because
dialog: I knew I could never get in to see you
dialog: without him. (857)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What have you come for? (858)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 184
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LONNY
dialog: (reaching in his pocket)
dialog: Well, among other things, I have an
dialog: important message for you from Mr.
dialog: Julius Saxe.
dialog: (Mary puts out her hand for it)
dialog: No, let me read it to you.
dialog: (he reads)
dialog: Dear Mary -
dialog: Just bought a new story. It will
dialog: make a great comeback for you. You
text: shoot two villains and go to prison
dialog: for the man you love. Exhibitors are
dialog: interested. Mama and I send love.
speaker_heading: JULIUS SAXE
dialog: P.S. And you better re-marry Lonny
dialog: Borden. He loves you ... he has always
dialog: loved you... he isn't good enough for
dialog: you but he'll do anything if you'll
dialog: - take him back. Hets really a marvelous
dialog: young man and he adores you... (859) -
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Let me see that letter.
text: (he shows it to her. She
dialog: hastily looks at it)
dialog: I don't see 411 that about you; (860)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: No - but itts true. And a lot more. (861)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You didn't go to Hollywood to take
dialog: Jackie away from me? (862)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: Of course not, dear.- I went there to
dialog: help if you needed me. (863)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, Lonny! (864)
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: How about having dinner with me tonight? ...
dialog: There's an hotel here with @ magnificent
text: main dining room and a fifteen piece
dialog: orchestra --. and orchids +--+ (865)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gmiling through tears)
dialog: What'll happen if I say No? (866 )
speaker_heading: BORDEN
dialog: You know what happened the last time. ~
dialog: (867)
text: He takes her hand and looks down at her without
text: speakinge She looks at him for a long minute,
text: then goes into his arms. He holds her elose -
dialog: no kiss.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: @
dialog: 
