dialog: 
speaker_heading: WHITE SQUALL
dialog: by
dialog: Todd Robinson
dialog: Revised First Draft
dialog: October 31, 1994
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: SUPER: A TRUE STORY - MYSTIC HARBOR CONNECTICUT 1994
speaker_heading: CREDITS OVER
text: Wind on the water. Soaring gulls and sand pipers glide
text: over the pilings and sagging bulkheads.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Though I hadn't seen or spoken to
dialog: Sheldrake in over thirty years, it
dialog: seemed impossible that his heart was
dialog: the thing that had finally failed
dialog: him...
scene_heading: INT. LATE MODEL CAR - SAME
text: CHUCK GIEG, 49, thin, windswept and handsome, is behind
text: the wheel. He pulls down a narrow cobble stone street
text: that leads to the wharf.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: I never got close to him, nobody
dialog: did. But by the time we made Tampa,
dialog: I was sure I knew who he was, that I
dialog: understood what he saw, what
dialog: nourished his soul and tested his
dialog: faith...
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF - DAY
text: Chuck stares out across the harbor. In the distance, the
text: echoes of singing masts. Shrouds and canvas softly ping.
text: The small boats of Mystic tug restlessly at their
text: moorings.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: He had taken us to worship, where,
dialog: what was for him, the holiest of
dialog: holies. And, for us too by the
dialog: end...
scene_heading: EXT. DOCTORS OFFICE - LATER
text: Chuck stands silently on the periphery of a gathering of
text: people. They surround a small building, a neighborhood
text: clinic. A worn gray stone, long in the earth, dedicates
dialog: the structure.
scene_heading: IN MEMORY OF NATALIE "ALICE" SHELDRAKE M.D.,
scene_heading: CAPTAIN'S WIFE AND SHIP'S SURGEON OF THE
scene_heading: BRIGANTINE ALBATROSS - MAY 2, 1961
text: Next to the stone a funeral urn. A YOUNG MINISTER gropes
dialog: for meaning.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I didn't know Richard Sheldrake
dialog: personally, but his many friends who
dialog: knew and worked with him, wanted to
dialog: make sure that he was returned home,
dialog: here, to be remembered with his
dialog: beloved wife...
text: Chuck gazes out at the sleepy harbor, the minister's voice
text: fading away. The afternoon wind is coming up with the
text: tide. He quietly heads towards the water. Drifting,
dialog: drawn, lost.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Though he had moved on with his
dialog: life, now even for the years, to
text: hear him eulogized by strangers,
dialog: seemed strange. He had been a
text: hewner of stones, a pilot by the
dialog: silent stars. Like me, alone among
dialog: many. But most of all for us, the
dialog: crew of the brigantine Albatross, he
dialog: was always and would forever be...
dialog: our Skipper.
text: A SHIP'S BELL turns him around. Ding ding. Ding ding. A
text: beautiful three masted schooner steady on the water slips
text: into port. A picture out of another time, another place.
dialog: It takes him away...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - WATER TOWER - DAY
text: A towering monolith, surrounded by tall oaks and
text: sycamores. The tower is immense. A single ladder runs up
text: to the top.
text: AT THE TOP
text: Just above the tree tops, the view is spectacular. CHUCK
text: GIEG, 16, sits thin and unsteady. Chuck's gaze is drawn
text: upward -- to the building spring cumulus clouds. Chuck's
text: older brother WILL, 18, stout, self assured, pulls himself
text: to the top.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You gonna jump? Or are you just
dialog: having a last look?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I was just thinking that I never had
dialog: a new pair of shoes till I was
dialog: twelve.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It's no my fault I was born first.
dialog: Besides, nobody ever sent me on an
dialog: eight month vacation, so ease up on
dialog: the sad sack stuff.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's not a vacation, it's private
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I thought this was your dream come
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's not why he's sending me.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Why then.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Because it looks good.
text: Chuck looks out, yearning. Will considers him, troubled.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm just not like you. Ya know?
dialog: I'm never going to go to Yale. I'm
dialog: never going to be "William".
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Nobody says you have to be like me.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: He does.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You don't give him enough credit
dialog: Chas.
text: Chuck takes a last look at the building clouds. The sky
text: rumbles. Distant thunder.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We better go.
scene_heading: EXT. GIEG HOUSE - DAY
text: Maple street, USA, tree lined and quaint. The Gieg home
text: is a modest two story house with a covered porch. The
text: family station wagon is poised for departure. CHARLES,
text: 45, a generally serious man broods as MIDDY, their mother,
text: 40, soft and thoughtful, exits the house. Chuck and Will
text: appear from the woods.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (ticked)
dialog: You plan on making this plane or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Don't take any wooden nickels
dialog: Kemosabe.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I won't.
text: Will shoves out a hand at Chuck.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And lighten up will ya.
text: Chuck hugs him anyway and walks to the passenger side.
text: Charles tosses him the keys, like he's doing him a big
dialog: favor.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Chuck sits in the drivers seat. Middy is in the back.
text: Charles slams the trunk and gets in. Before Chuck turns
dialog: the ignition...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Now just take it easy. We're not
text: going to a fire.
text: Chuck reacts.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Will watches as the car pulls away.
speaker_heading: CAR - MOVING
text: The Giegs drive in silence. Middy reads from a brochure.
speaker_heading: MIDDY
dialog: Honey, did you know that the
dialog: Albatross was captured by the
dialog: Germans during World War II?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, I didn't.
speaker_heading: MIDDY
dialog: It says she was originally Schooner
text: rigged, but Captain Sheldrake turned
dialog: her into a brigantine. I think
text: square rigs look so much more
dialog: romantic.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Appearances aren't everything. Keep
dialog: your mind on the road.
text: Chuck pulls over to the side of the road.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Chuck hands him the keys.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't feel like driving. Okay?
text: Charles regards him oddly.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT GATE - DAY
text: The National Airlines Boeing 707 is bigger than anything
text: Chuck has ever seen. Passengers begin boarding. Charles
text: stands away, detached.
speaker_heading: MIDDY
dialog: Do you have your ticket?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MIDDY
dialog: Passport?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Look, I just better go.
text: Middy hugs her son.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Goodbye Mom. I'll be okay.
speaker_heading: MIDDY
dialog: I know you will.
text: Chuck faces his dad.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Make us proud.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Charles extends his hand. They shake. Then Chuck hurries
text: away into the crowd. Charles and Middy watch until he is
text: out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - DAY
text: Chuck settles into his seat next to the window. He
text: watches as the world slips away beneath the wings of the
dialog: 707.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT CUSTOMS - BERMUDA - DAY
text: Another world. Chuck stands in line at the customs booth.
text: He cranes his neck to see the brilliant blue water and
text: coral reefs beyond the runway.
text: Three other boys are ahead of him in line. The CUSTOMS
text: AGENTS go through every piece of luggage. TOD JOHNSTONE,
text: 16, thin and blonde, is in a heated argument with one of
text: the agents about his spear gun.
text: RICK MARCH, 17, wise-cracking and confident, shakes his
text: head, smiling. He spots Chuck, moves through the line and
text: shoves out a hand.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Albatross?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Rick March. Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Gieg, Chuck.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Look, meet us out front when you're
dialog: through. If they try to take
dialog: anything away from you like Johnny
dialog: Quest up there, just make a list and
dialog: we'll have 'em send it down to the
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Whatever.
text: One of the agent starts pulling things out of Rick's
text: duffel bag. He finds a dive knife.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Hey, hey!! That's my stuff!!
scene_heading: EXT. AUSTIN CAB - MOVING - DAY
text: The car whizzes through the narrow streets of Bermuda.
text: CALYPSO MUSIC sings from the radio. The streets are lined
text: with small coral houses and exotic palms.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME
text: The boys are jammed inside with their things. In addition
text: to Chuck, Rick and Tod, is CHARLIE STRATTON, also sixteen.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Well Ricky boy, spear gun or no,
dialog: it's sweet to be back in the world
text: of rum and honey.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: I gotta admit I never thought you'd
dialog: be back after the great "Bowsprit
dialog: Affair".
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Me and Skipper had a meeting of the
dialog: minds.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I begged.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (warming a little)
dialog: What the "Bowsprit Affair"?
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Well, Romeo here was on harbor watch
dialog: and managed to sweet talk one of the
dialog: local girls to have a go in the
dialog: bowsprit.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Not just any 'local' girl.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: The 'local' mayor's 'local'
dialog: daughter.
text: Tod smiles, reminiscing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thing is, the net in the basket
dialog: isn't very comfortable, so Tod-o
text: wraps them up in the jib. After the
dialog: deed was done...
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: He says they did the deed...
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Trust me, we did the deed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: After the "alleged" deed was done,
dialog: they fell asleep. Big Daddy Lawford
text: comes on deck at four bells and
text: hears Casanova sawing logs.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Believe me, I needed the rest...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: He gets the whole crew on deck, gets
text: us on the halyard, and orders the
dialog: old "heave ho...".
speaker_heading: RICK
text: Up goes the jib and out roll Tod-o
text: and the mayor's daughter, naked as
dialog: pilot whales...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Tod)
dialog: I don't know who was more surprised,
dialog: you or Big Daddy.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: To tell you the truth, I think it
dialog: was her father.
text: At the top of a hill, the harbor comes into view.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Well gentlemen, there she is.
text: The cab stops. Besides many colorful fishing boats, is
text: the ALBATROSS. At ninety-two feet, she dwarfs everything
text: in the harbor. Her white hull glows like ivory and her
text: twin masts and yard arms tower above her deck.
text: Breathtaking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Home sweet hell on the water.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - DAY
text: The boys pile out of the taxi. What seemed like a
text: pristine ship from the hill looks like a rust bucket up
text: close. The white paint is streaked and barnacles cover
text: the hull. Looks of disappointment.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What happened to it?
text: A voice from behind turns Chuck.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: She cleans up. We'll have her ship
text: shape before we shove off.
text: This is BILL BUTLER, 15, removed, the youngest of the crew
text: and... first mate. Bill gives Chuck a friendly slap on
text: the back and climbs aboard. He is greeted by a Viking
text: giant of a man, LAWFORD, 37, and bearded, the ship's
dialog: English professor.
text: Puffing on a huge Havana cigar, he stares coolly down at
text: Tod and the others. He speaks with the voice of Moses.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: "That this same child of honor and
dialog: renown, This gallant Hotspur, this
dialog: all praised knight, And your
text: unthought-of Harry chance to meet.
dialog: For every honor sitting on his helm,
dialog: Would they were multitudes, and on
dialog: my head. My shames redoubled! For
dialog: the time will come...
text: Chuck feels something and looks up where he meets the
text: intense stare of a man standing between the deck cabins.
text: Their eyes lock.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: ... That I shall make this northern
dialog: youth exchange, his glorious deeds
dialog: for my indignities."
text: Then, the man is gone. Haunting. Only Chuck has seen
text: him. Tod smiles back at Lawford impishly.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Would you be addressing me, sir?
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Henry the IV part I Act I Scene ii.
dialog: I suggest you read it.
text: Lawford sneers and walks away. It's all a show.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: It means Shakespeare. B-o-r-i-n-g.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It means if he catches anybody
dialog: basket-napping on watch this
dialog: passage, he's gonna use their lizard
dialog: for 'cuda' bait.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Well that's a hell of a how-do-you-
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Drop your gear, go below and pick
dialog: yourself some bunks.
text: Chuck and the others climb aboard.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DAY
text: Chuck makes his way down the companionway into the main
text: cabin. Other crew members are already unpacking.
text: The sleeping arrangement is Pullman-style with two rows of
text: bunks on each side of the cabin. In the middle of the
text: room is a gimbaled table. This is where the crew will eat
dialog: and study.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Listen up. This is Chuck Gieg.
text: Among the crew -- feature ROBIN WEATHERS, 16, a cherub
text: with soft puffy cheeks and TERRY LAPCHICK, 17, skinny and
text: rodent-like.
text: Robin approaches with a hand extended. He carries a 8x10
text: photo of a young man in a football uniform.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'm Robin.
text: Chuck regards the photo.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (flat)
dialog: That's my brother. He's dead.
text: Apprehensively Chuck shakes and retreats to a lower bunk.
text: Robin tacks up the picture above his bunk. Terry unpacks
text: in front of one of the lower berths.
text: A loud "THUD!" turns everyone around. A duffel bag lies
text: at the bottom of the companionway. A large imposing
text: figure climbs into the cabin.
text: This is JOHN GOODALL, 17, over six feet, big and broad.
text: His hair is slicked back "Dean" style and wears a full
text: day's growth of bread on his face. Compared to the
text: others, he looks all man. Everybody clears from his path.
text: He stops in front of the lower, center bunk (Terry's bunk)
text: and drops his bag.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll take this one.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You probably didn't notice, but this
text: bunk has been taken.
text: John just glares at him, then dumps all of Terry's things
text: onto the blanket on the bunk, gathers it up and tosses it
text: into the remaining upper berth. Terry watches,
text: intimidated.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Anybody gotta problem with that?
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Absolutely not.
text: John climbs into his bunk and closes his eyes. Bill
text: enters, followed by several adults.
text: DR. ALICE SHELDRAKE, 30, smart, attractive and tough, is
text: ship's surgeon and Skipper's wife. Lawford appears with
text: GEORGE PASCAL, 30's from Brazil, dark, and fit.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Alright, listen up. This is Dr.
dialog: Alice Sheldrake.
text: The guys stumble over only half listening.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm ship's surgeon. I'm in charge
dialog: of aches, pains, biology, math and
dialog: science.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: George Pascal here is ship's cook.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: If you want to keep all your
dialog: fingers, stay the hell out of my
dialog: galley unless you're invited.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Some of you already know Mr.
dialog: Lawford.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: I have been charged with the dubious
dialog: task of insuring your literary
dialog: education.
text: Lawford puts a hand on Bill's shoulder.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Bill Butler is your first mate. But
dialog: don't let his size fool you.
text: Bill gives a half reluctant wave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: So when the hell do we get to meet
dialog: El Capitan?
text: Snickering.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (aside)
text: Maybe he's getting his wooden leg
dialog: waxed.
text: Laughter. A sound stops the laughter. Almost on cue, the
text: sound of slow methodical footsteps, pace the deck above
text: them. Then a shadow falls across the skylight, blocking
text: the light. Ominous. They all notice and look up.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: (mysterious)
dialog: You'll meet him. Soon enough.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SUNRISE
text: Dawn glows orange in the skylights above the cabin. The
text: only sound is the heavy, even breathing of slumber.
text: Suddenly, a booming voice rumbles down the companionway.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Arise, Arise, Arise...
text: Chuck wakes, disoriented. Terry bolts upright and hits
text: his head on the low ceiling. Ouch.
text: Tod, Rick and Charlie are up instantly. Lawford's voice
text: echoes through the ship.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD (O.S.)
dialog: Exultation is the going/ Of an
dialog: inland soul to sea/ Past the houses/
dialog: Past the headlands/ Into deep
dialog: Eternity/ Bred as we, among the
dialog: mountains/ Can the sailor
dialog: understand/ the divine intoxication/
dialog: of the first league out from land?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But I suppose we'll answer that
dialog: question soon enough gentlemen.
dialog: Soon enough.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What question?
text: Chuck tries to assimilate Lawford's words. Robin swings
text: his feet over the side of his bunk with a tortured look.
text: John rolls over and pulls his pillow over his head.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (foggy)
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: Maybe it's an air raid.
text: In crisply pressed shorts and shirt, Bill Butler steps
text: through the aft bulkhead. He raises a bowswain's whistle
text: and blows. OOOWWWEEEEOOO!!!! Chuck and Robin grab their
text: ears. It's a nightmare. Terry jumps and hits his head
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Roll out sailors! All hands on
dialog: deck! Sixty seconds. Sixty
dialog: seconds.
text: He blows the whistle again. This time it brings even John
text: to his feet, staring down at Bill in a blind rage. Bill
text: looks up and casually notices him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You gotta problem Goodall?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You blow that thing again I'll shove
dialog: it so far up your ass, you're gonna
dialog: need dental floss to get it out.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Just get on deck.
text: Bill turns and disappears topside.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAWN
text: The sun has barely cracked the horizon as the crew
text: staggers onto the deck, shirtless and shivering.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Line up! Single file. Single file.
text: The crew lines up. John is the last one through the hatch
dialog: and he lets us know his boundaries are being pressed.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: Everybody swims.
text: The boys are aghast.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Don't think people, just go! Go,
dialog: Go, Go, Go, Go!!! Swim you win,
dialog: stay you pay!!
text: Rick is the first one through the gunnel door, followed by
text: Tod and Charlie. They howl and scream as they hit the
text: water. The rest follow like lemmings. But John stands
text: defiantly with his arms folded.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Now what's the problem, Goodall?
text: Everybody swims.
text: The crew are piling back on deck. George stands in the
text: open galley door. The smell of fresh bacon is
text: intoxicating.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: You will if you wanna eat. Right
dialog: George?
text: George nods, wielding a butchers knife. The crew stand
text: shivering, waiting on John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: You gonna swim for your breakfast?
text: Bill gives John a long look then strips to his shorts,
text: swings into the rigging and climbs up to the first yard
text: arm. He looks down at the water some twenty-five feet
text: below. It's a long way. Robin turns away.
text: Lawford booms in a voice that echoes across the harbor.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: "Down, down beneath the deep, That
text: oft in triumph bore him, He sleeps a
dialog: sound and peaceful sleep, With the
text: salt waves dashing over him." --
dialog: Lord Byron gentlemen.
text: With that Bill leaps and hits the water with a huge
text: KERSPLASH! He swims to the boarding ladder, pulls himself
text: up and gets in John's face.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Everybody swims. Now, I've been in
dialog: twice. So I guess I'll be eating
dialog: your breakfast too.
text: John considers him, then strips off his shirt. But
text: instead of walking over to the gunnel door, he jumps into
text: the ratlines, climbs to the foretop and looks down.
text: He manages a thin smile then climbs to the second set of
text: ratlines past the third yard and continues to the top yard
text: arm -- the topgallant. It's a pissing contest and
dialog: everybody knows it.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I got five bucks says he doesn't.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I got five that says he doesn't
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I'll take a dollar of that.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: This is crazy!
text: Robin refuses to watch. The others share a look.
text: John makes his way along the foot ropes and stands at the
text: end of the yard. He tosses a look towards Bill but with
text: no way to back down, he launches into the air. Everyone
text: gasps as he thunders through the air in a broad swan dive.
text: Falling, falling, falling...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I can't watch this.
text: John hits the water like a bullet. The crew run to the
text: side waiting for him to come up. Nothing. Finally, he
text: breaks the surface. Easy. He climbs up waiting, somehow,
text: to claim victory.
text: Suddenly, they all feel it. A presence. He has appeared
text: silently on top of the Chart House, like a phantom gazing
text: down at them, back lit by the sun the boys must squint to
dialog: see him.
text: RICHARD SHELDRAKE, (SKIPPER), ageless and windswept,
text: casually reaches up to a block and tackle with one arm and
text: glides to the deck. He is powerfully built and bronzed
text: from the sea and sun. He carriers the burden of command
text: like a cross. Soft-spoken and remote, he is a man to be
text: reckoned with. The crew know they are in the presence of
text: someone larger than life.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Skipper on deck!
text: The crew line up clumsily. Skipper has a gaze that blazes
text: right through them.
text: He looks out to sea. Searching, ominous. He waits until
text: the silence is filled with everyone's attention.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You know what's out there? Wind and
text: wave and rain. Endless glassy pools
dialog: that'll hold a sailing ship for
text: weeks and then spit her out into the
dialog: eye of the kind of hurricane. A
dialog: blow that could knock the bridge off
text: a battleship. Reefs and rocks and
dialog: sandbars that'll tear the belly from
text: her and enough fog and night to hide
dialog: it all.
text: He spits into the water. The crew sheepishly throw
text: glances to the horizon.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: So look out there... and explain to
dialog: me why any man in possession of any
dialog: sense at all, would take on the sea
dialog: with sail?
text: Skipper turns his gaze back to the boys. There is a fire
text: in his eyes. Nobody dare answers.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Because there's something else out
text: there. It beckons in the wind and
text: sings in the shrouds. Voices.
text: Whispering...
text: His ear to the wind.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: They're voices of men. Calling. Men
dialog: you don't even know. Men you can't
dialog: even imagine. It's a seed, a wish,
dialog: that part of you and I that aches to
dialog: be alive, that was banished by
dialog: everything we've ever been taught or
dialog: told. It's a part of us that can
dialog: only be found on mountain tops and
text: deserts, in the deepest caverns,
text: smoking battle fields and... across
dialog: oceans.
text: He turns back to the sea, dark.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Out there, is where it all waits.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: He was everything I had expected,
dialog: part Ahab part Queeg and even Bligh.
text: He spoke in whispers and answered
text: all queries with efficiency and
dialog: directness. He had gone to sea for
dialog: the first time at fifteen, the same
text: age as Bill Butler. And as he
dialog: looked upon us that first day it
dialog: must have been as though he were
text: staring into a mirror.
text: Skipper manages a sobering look and climbs on top of the
text: chart house. He pats a small brass sign that is welded to
text: the main mast and reads the inscription.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Where we go one, we go all."
text: With that, he disappears below. Nobody moves. This is
dialog: exactly the kind of man you want around when the shit hits
dialog: the fan.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: This -- is gonna be a long eight
dialog: months.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DAY
text: The boys devour a hearty breakfast. Tod is the 'galley
text: slave' and fills glasses with orange juice.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Chow down boys. The milk and eggs
dialog: are the first things to go once we
dialog: put out.
text: John enters balancing two plates heaped with food.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: You know we gotta dumbwaiter for
dialog: that.
text: John looks over to the dumbwaiter mounted in the wall.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Not that one. Tod-o here.
text: The guys groan.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Har, har, har...
text: John approaches the full table, glaring down at Terry who
text: doesn't notice him. Finally he looks up, startled.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm done. I'm finished...
text: He scrambles to get up and clear his plate. John sits
text: down without a word. The others notice the two plates of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Hungry, Goodall?
text: He just grunts and starts eating. Robin watches him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's your problem?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Why'd you jump?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because I felt like it.
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (aside)
dialog: I couldn't do it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, as soon as you grow some
dialog: balls, let me know.
text: Robin bristles.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Screw you!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He's right. It was a stupid stunt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You heard me.
text: John grabs Charlie by his private parts and hoists him
text: into the air. Charlie gasps, the air sucked from his
dialog: lungs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't ever call me stupid.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Come on, he didn't mean anything.
text: John shoves Robin to the floor with his free arm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let me tell you girls something. I
dialog: do what I wanna do. When I wanna do
dialog: it. And I don't give a shit what
dialog: old Ahab up there thinks either.
dialog: Any questions?
text: John releases Charlie who crumples to the floor. John
text: resumes eating.
text: Bill enters and reads the duty roster.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Okay, here's the duty. Gieg,
dialog: Weathers, Lapchick, Schucart:
text: scrape and paint. Corry and
dialog: Stricklin have the brass. Robinson,
dialog: you're the Galley slave. March
dialog: you're on chain gang with Barnes.
text: Johnston, solo on bilge detail.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Butler, what'd I ever do to you?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You came back, Tod. You came back.
text: John continues to eat. When he realizes his name hasn't
text: been called, he looks up to meet Bill's eyes.
scene_heading: INT. HEAD
text: Pissed, John tries to figure out the head. Pumps going
text: in, pumps going out.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: We were all thirteen individuals.
dialog: We'd arrived the sum total of our
dialog: limited experiences and the result
dialog: of our parents' best, if not narrow,
dialog: expectations...
text: John pulls back on the lever, belching "water de le
text: toilet" all over him.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - DAY
text: Chuck sits in a bowswain's chair over the side, with a
text: paint roller in his hand. The rust-streaked hull is being
dialog: transformed.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: ... Some of us were there for
dialog: discipline, some for escape. But I
dialog: could see a small piece of myself in
dialog: all of them and though I fought the
dialog: notion, for me, I knew now, this
dialog: would be home.
text: A RADIO crackles in the b.g.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: "President Eisenhower today
dialog: acknowledged that a secret American
text: spy plane was in fact shot down over
text: the Soviet Union. The pilot has
dialog: been confirmed as Francis Gary
dialog: Powers..."
text: Robin, Terry and Mike, are on the deck within earshot of
text: Chuck with chisels and wire brushes chipping away at the
dialog: rust.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Why couldn't it have been a wooden
dialog: boat?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Steel boats don't leak.
text: Mike lights up a cigarette. Robin notices. Marlboro's.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Hey, can I have one?
text: Mike sizes up Robin for a moment then tosses him the pack.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Thanks daddy-o.
text: Robin lights up, grimacing with the first drag.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Well, don't brush too hard. Looks
dialog: to me like the only thing holding
dialog: this bucket together is the rust.
text: A voice booms up from the dock.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (O.S.)
dialog: Ahoy there.
text: They turn. Standing on the dock is FRANCIS BOUTILLIER,
text: self important and overbearing, with his son, PHILIP, who
text: looks as if this whole ordeal is some kind of punishment.
text: Skipper appears.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Good afternoon.
text: Francis boards without being invited. Philip follows in
text: his shadow. He scrutinizes the condition of the boat.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Albatross? Doesn't inspire a lot of
dialog: confidence.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Oh, on the contrary, the Albatross
dialog: is considered a very good omen. It
dialog: is said they embody the spirits of
dialog: sailors passed on. It's very bad
dialog: luck if you kill one. And dolphins
dialog: too.
text: The boys chuckle.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'm Francis Boutillier. This is my
dialog: son, Philip.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I know.
text: Francis looks the Skipper over, reading him, smiling.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You're a day late. We keep a
dialog: schedule aboard ship. Lives depend
text: on it.
dialog: (to Philip)
dialog: Hello, Philip.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Sir.
text: Skipper's directness bugs Francis.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Your cable said you wouldn't be
dialog: putting out until mid-October.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: As you can see, there's a lot to do.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Indentured servitude is not what my
dialog: son had in mind.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: This is a working ship. Promptness
dialog: is not a luxury, it's a necessity,
dialog: as is the work to maintain her. Had
dialog: we been ready, I can assure you we
dialog: would have sailed.
text: Something in this exchange turns the tone of conversation.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: And I would have expected
dialog: compensation for my time and expense
dialog: coming all the way down here.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Happily, it all worked out... This
dialog: time.
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Bill, take Philip below and help him
text: find a bunk.
text: Phil follows Bill down the companionway.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'll be frank with you. This was
text: his mother's idea. A romp through
text: the Caribbean on a sailboat sounds
dialog: more like a vacation than an
dialog: education if you ask me.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: It will be more than that, I can
dialog: promise you.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Take good care of my son.
text: There is threat in his tone.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: We'll do our best. You're welcome
dialog: to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: He's a big boy.
text: Francis leaves the boat. Skipper and the crew watch as he
text: climbs into his waiting embassy limousine and drives off.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Well, that was neighborly.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: He didn't get to be Under Secretary
dialog: of the Air Force by being
text: neighborly.
text: Lawford shakes his head. Bill comes up through the
text: companionway.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Everyone aboard young Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's go sailing.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - OPEN WATER - DAY
text: The Albatross is under full power. There is a sense of
text: excitement and anticipation. Charlie, Rick, Robin, and
text: Lawford are on the halyard for the mainsail. Skipper is
text: at the helm with Alice and Bill nearby. Skipper calls
text: over to Chuck who stands alone at the rail.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Come over here and take the wheel.
text: Chuck's eyes light up as he walks over and takes the
dialog: wheel.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Hold her steady into the wind.
text: Southwest by west.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Gentleman, when you hear an order,
dialog: sing out. I want to know that
dialog: you've heard and understand.
dialog: (quietly to Bill)
text: Raise the mainsail.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Raise the main!
text: Lawford and his group bellow out.
speaker_heading: TOGETHER
dialog: Raise the main!!
text: Lawford coaches the boys, sending two scurrying on top the
text: chart house to loosen the stops which hold the heavy
text: furled canvas to the main boom. He guides another to the
text: midships pinrail where the main halyard, which raises the
text: huge sail, is made fast to a belaying pin. He loosens the
text: halyard and hands it to Robin.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Take a turn under the pin and lead
dialog: it out to the others. You guys in
text: the rear take up the slack. Heave
dialog: together now...
text: In a beautiful tenor voice, Bill begins to croon a sea
text: chanty, an old whaling song with an Irish lilt.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "When the sun came up there was
dialog: whisky in the cup..."
text: The more experienced boys echo the line and pull to the
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: BOYS
dialog: "When the sun came up there was
dialog: whisky in the cup..."
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Come on the rest of you, sing! Belt
dialog: it out like men!!
text: The newer guys like Chuck, John, Robin and Terry look at
dialog: each other like this is the queerest thing they have ever
dialog: heard of.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Not one of us was a sober..."
text: The boys return the verse half heartedly. Lawford ties
text: off his line and stares them down. Skipper notices that
text: the work has stopped.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What's wrong Mr. Lawford.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: It seems we're short on singers.
text: Skipper walks amid ship and addresses the crew.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Everyone sings aboard a wind jammer
dialog: gentlemen. It lets everyone know
dialog: you're in sync. It shows unity,
dialog: that all thoughts are one. A crew
text: that sings together stays together.
dialog: Besides, I like it. So, pipe up and
dialog: be sailors.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Everybody swims, everybody sings...
dialog: What's next? Tap dancing?
text: Lawford and Rick leap up onto the line pulling it down
text: with their body weight. They sing out the chorus. The
text: crew returns the song, somewhat reluctantly as the great
text: mainsail starts to rise.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Tie it off!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Outer.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Outer Jib!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Outta what?
text: Coached by Tod, another group in the bow, awkwardly hoist
dialog: the jib.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: We'll bear off to port and run down
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Mr. Lawford, stand by to ease the
dialog: mainsheet. Rick, get on the jib
dialog: sheet. George, John, Philip, Tim
text: and Dick go aloft to unstop the
dialog: forecourse. George will show you
dialog: what to do. Tod, show your men the
text: forward pinrail and stand ready on
text: the buntlines and clewlines.
dialog: Forecourse first... work upward.
text: The newcomers watch Bill with new-found respect. George,
text: John and the others climb to the forecourse, and out onto
text: the footropes. It's unsteady work and there's confusion
text: everywhere. But through it all, they continue to sing.
text: Lawford moves to the mainsheet on the port side while the
text: others move into their positions. When Bill sees the
text: yardarm crew is in place...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Unstop the squares!
speaker_heading: YARDARM CREW
dialog: Unstop the squares!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: Fall off to port. Ease her around
text: to a heading of northeast. Sing out
dialog: when you're there.
text: As the tops are released, the giant forecourse drapes into
text: a scalloped pattern. As the bow falls off the wind the
text: snapping main and jib billow. Stiffening to the wind, the
text: ship heels and surges forward.
text: Before her awakening power, everyone changes their stance
text: and grabs for a handhold. Lawford slowly pays out the
text: mainsheet while the forecourse crew move up the ratlines
text: releasing the stops on the other squaresails.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Ah... Northeast... sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (barking)
dialog: Speak up boy!
text: Chuck jumps, startled. He self-consciously calls out.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Northeast sir!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Unfurl the squares!
text: Tod's group first uncleats the clewlines and buntlines and
text: the great squaresail drops and billows to fullness sending
text: a shudder through the rig. The bow's wake sizzles with
text: the added surge. As each of the squares fall, Alice and
text: Lawford move to their sheets, setting each sail's
dialog: position.
text: Chuck looks up, amazed at the sheer magnitude and beauty
text: of the canvas that the Albatross carries.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Raise the inner jib! Raise the
dialog: forestaysail!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Watch the tell-tales Chuck. If we
dialog: jibe now we'll have a lot of people
text: in the water.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: All stop on the engine.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: All stop on the engine!
text: Bill rotates the telegraph handle back and forth and moves
text: it to the stop position.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Behold gentlemen. The power of the
dialog: wind!
text: As the sails billow the Albatross seems transformed.
text: Everyone stops and looks up. The vessel heels and with a
text: powerful surge, launches into the waves. White foam
text: splashes over the bowsprit as the hull thunders through
text: the water. Chuck's face is full of wonder. It is a
text: magical moment. Then the crew begins to cheer.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Did we lose anybody?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The Albatross under full sail is the handsome, powerful
text: image of another time. And yet, here she is.
speaker_heading: ON DECK
text: Each of the boys is awed by the majesty of this moment.
text: Music builds.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Chart us a course for the windward
dialog: side.
text: Alice considers his request.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: That low passed through last night.
dialog: May be a little bumpy out there.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: It's time these boys saw some real
text: blue water.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OPEN SEA - LATER
text: The bow of the Albatross explodes through the top of a
text: fifteen foot swell. The sky is clear but the wind is
text: fierce. In spite of the seas the ship is trimmed and
dialog: sailing well.
text: The crew has never seen mountains of water like this.
text: Disaster seems imminent. Bill has assembled them in front
text: of the wheel house. They are all holding on for dear
text: life. Even John seems shaken. Skipper magically stands
text: effortlessly before them on the rolling deck. He remains
text: perfectly dry.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Well... now that I have your
dialog: undivided attention... I'd like to
dialog: take this opportunity to make a few
dialog: points...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (aside)
dialog: This guy is certifiable...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Suicidal...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: The first thing is I don't like
dialog: people talking when I'm talking so
dialog: the two of you, shut up.
text: Caught, Terry and Phil button up.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Second, the next one of you who
dialog: doesn't jump like a bunny when Mr.
dialog: Butler gives an order is gonna spend
dialog: the rest of this trip scrubbing
dialog: bilges. He's a better sailor today
dialog: than any ten of you will be when
dialog: this is all over.
text: Skipper directs the next comment directly at John.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: And if I catch anybody, ever,
dialog: jumping off a yard arm again I will
dialog: personally break what bones are left
dialog: and send you home in a wheel chair.
text: A wave explodes over the bow. A wall of water crashes
text: over the deck knocking down several of the boys. Terry
text: can't take it anymore and explodes.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We're gonna die!!! We're all gonna
dialog: die!
text: He lunges at Skipper but Lawford one arms him.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Excellent point. As you might have
dialog: noticed, being out here pretty much
dialog: puts you in the moment. If you
dialog: panic, if you lose your head, you
dialog: die. Maybe you take your mates with
dialog: you. How'd you like to have to bet
dialog: on Terry here getting us home today?
dialog: Each one of you is responsible for
dialog: the rest. "Where we go one, we go
dialog: all". If your buddy is asleep at
dialog: the switch we're all fish food.
text: He's making his point which is lost on no one.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: The ship beneath you is not a toy
dialog: and sailing is not a game. The
dialog: Albatross will take us far
dialog: gentlemen, but she demands constant
dialog: attention. Respect her, and we'll
dialog: do fine. Oh, and one more thing.
dialog: There is nothing that goes on, on
dialog: this boat that I don't know about.
dialog: She speaks to me in the night. So
dialog: don't test me. Not even a little.
text: Skipper walks over and puts an arm around Terry who is
text: fighting sobs.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Nothing like experience to put
dialog: things in perspective. Huh son?
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Alright. Let's go home.
scene_heading: INT. CHART HOUSE - DAY
text: Lawford addresses some of the crew. Chuck, Robin and John
text: are among them. John glares at Lawford. The guys giggle.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: That's not a satisfactory answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look, save it for somebody else will
dialog: ya. This ancient shit doesn't have
dialog: anything to do with me.
text: Lawford pauses for a moment and then explodes
text: theatrically.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Shit?!!!
text: He slams a text book into John's hands.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Read for me please the words of Mr.
text: Keats at the bottom of the page.
text: John stares back, simmering. Robin interrupts the
text: potential confrontation and reaches for the book.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'll read it. I mean I don't mind.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shut up donut.
text: John pushes Robin's hands away and studies the page for a
text: moment. He begins reading but struggles with the cadence.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Much have I traveled in realms of
dialog: gold/ And many goodly states and
dialog: kingdoms seen/ Round many western
dialog: islands have I been/ Which bards in
dialog: fealty to Apollo hold/ Oft of one
dialog: wide expanse had I been told/ That
text: deep-browed Homer ruled as his
dialog: demesne.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: You know what he is talking about
dialog: here?
text: Blank faces.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: (ranting)
dialog: Awe. Humility. He's telling you
dialog: that he has traveled the seas as
dialog: Homer did. As Ulysses had before
text: him as he tried to find his way home
dialog: to Ithaca after the Trojan Wars.
dialog: "That deep browed Homer"...
text: He points to his head.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Brilliant, seasoned, wise, of the
dialog: mind; "... ruled as his demesne."
text: He commands the voyage of the
text: imagination, like a god.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That is what one of the greatest
dialog: literary minds of modern times, Mr.
text: Boutillier, has to say about Homer.
text: He snatches the book back.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: You think the Odyssey is dull? I'll
dialog: tell you something, it's about each
dialog: one of you -- right now. Doubt and
dialog: expectation. Friendship, community,
dialog: self sacrifice and accountability.
text: He holds up the text.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: This isn't just a story!! It's
dialog: history made allegory. It is a
dialog: philosophical handbook for life! It
dialog: holds the secret of this very
dialog: voyage.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What is it... the secret?
text: Lawford breaks into a huge belly laugh.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: If it were only that simple, my
dialog: young friend. Read on, gentlemen.
dialog: Read on.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: Aerial shot. The Albatross is under full sail leaving
dialog: Bermuda for the last time.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: And so it was the Albatross that
dialog: took to the open sea with the wind
text: in her snapping canvas and a bone of
text: white foam in her teeth... In each
dialog: of us were feelings of anticipation
dialog: and hesitation for the man at the
dialog: wheel and of the unfamiliar world he
dialog: was leading us into.
text: She crashes through the surf -- driving, majestic music,
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: DECK - DAY
text: The crew hauls in the line, raising the mainsail. Chuck
text: struggles to coil the rope as fast as it is coming in.
speaker_heading: ALOFT
text: The crew take turns racing up the ratlines into the
text: rigging.
speaker_heading: BOWSPRIT NET
text: The crew pull down the jib trying to furl it. Most of the
text: sail ends up dragging in the water.
speaker_heading: ABOVE
text: The squaresails are dropped simultaneously.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: White foam boils from the bow of the Albatross as she
text: crashes through the waves.
text: AT THE WHEEL
text: Alice smiles and puts her arms around Skipper's waist.
text: It's coming together.
scene_heading: FORETOP - SAME
text: Skipper stands at the rail, looking out. The seas are up
text: and the masts are pitching widely from side to side.
text: Chuck is high above the deck in the footropes, wrestling
text: with one of the squaresails. The pitching mast catches
text: him by surprise and he slips. He tumbles down, tangled in
text: the lines. A rope wraps around his neck, choking him.
text: Robin looks up and sees him hanging helplessly.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Bill!! Skipper!!
text: Robin freezes. Skipper leaps into the rigging like a
text: spider and, in a few seconds, wrestles Chuck free and
text: carries him down to the deck. Chuck coughs, catching his
text: breath. The color is gone from Skipper's face. This was
text: a close call.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It was my fault. I slipped.
text: Alice examines Chuck, making sure he's okay. Skipper
text: turns to Robin, who is shaken. He never raises his voice.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Why didn't you go up there?
text: Robin stands silently.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Speak up.
dialog: Still nothing from Robin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: He's afraid to climb.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What?
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: Is that true?
text: Robin looks away.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Why wasn't I made aware of this
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I didn't know sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: It's your job to know. If something
dialog: goes wrong up there, the other
dialog: eighteen people aboard can't be
dialog: wondering if he's gonna do his job
dialog: or not.
text: Skipper returns his gaze to Robin, measuring him.
dialog: Finally.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Swing up, son.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Up you go. Right now.
text: Robin reluctantly pulls himself up onto the first rung,
text: then the second. He stops and steals a peek up. The mast
text: is swaying. He freezes, his lip starts to tremble. All
text: eyes are on him. Phil chuckles.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Do you have something to say?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (smug)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Then keep your mouth shut.
text: Phil backs off, stunned. Robin can't move.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: What's it going to be?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Sorry won't cut it.
text: Robin holds on frozen. Skipper turns to the crew.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Survival means discipline and
dialog: assimilation. There are no special
dialog: cases here.
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: Now, get going. Get up there.
text: Humiliated, a tear slips down his face. Excruciating.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What are you blubbering about?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I don't know...
text: Skipper jumps onto the backside of the ratlines. His face
text: is but inches from Robin's.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: One hand in front of the other son.
dialog: We'll do it together.
text: Robin reaches for the next rung. He looks down. Skipper
text: growls at him.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Don't look down. Look in my eyes!
dialog: Climb! We'll do it together.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You climb damn it, or so help me
dialog: I'll haul you to the foretop by your
dialog: diaper and leave you there!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Aaauuuhhh!!!
text: Skipper gets right in his face and snarls.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Are you hating this?! Are you!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I hate you, you son of a bitch!!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: No. Hate the fear inside of you!
dialog: Climb like a man mister! Hate it!
dialog: Hate it away. Hate your way up one
dialog: more rung!! Do it right now!!
text: With every ounce of strength, Robin reaches for one more
text: rung screaming as he reaches. Skipper climbs and screams
text: with him.
speaker_heading: TOGETHER
dialog: Auuuggghhh!!!!
text: Robin clutches the rung with a death grip. Then, he looks
text: down. His bladder releases. Hot urine runs down his legs
text: and splashes, steaming, onto the deck. The crew is
text: horrified. Robin weeps.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Oh, god...
text: Skipper backs off.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Don't hate yourself. Hate your
dialog: weakness. All right. Get down.
text: Robin climbs to the deck and falls in with the others,
text: mortified.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I'm only gonna say this one time.
dialog: I'm not here to wipe noses and
dialog: asses. I'm not your mother. Trust
dialog: funds and blue blazers don't get you
dialog: a thing out here. You wanna act
dialog: like babies, then get off my boat.
text: Stunned, the crew is speechless. Chuck instinctively goes
text: to help Robin. Skipper snaps like a turtle.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: He can take care of himself.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Any other 'phobias' I need to know
dialog: about?
text: Skipper fires a look towards Phil.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Excellent. Bill, find Mr. Weathers
dialog: a position to suit his condition.
text: Skipper turns and then stops.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Remember something, sooner or
dialog: later... we all have to face it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Face what?
text: The question hangs in the air like a cloud.
scene_heading: INT. CHART HOUSE - DUSK
text: The chart house is the communication and navigation center
text: for the boat. It also serves as the officers dining room.
text: Skipper, Alice, Lawford, George, and Bill Butler sit
text: around the small table sipping coffee.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: We're awfully quiet tonight.
text: The group remains silent. Lawford and George exchange a
text: glance. Skipper catches it.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Something on your mind, George?
text: George looks up and wipes his mouth with a napkin.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think you were too hard on
dialog: Weathers.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes. I do.
text: Skipper nods.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I need to know what I'm working
dialog: with; what their boundaries are.
dialog: Their lives depend on it, and for
dialog: that matter so does yours. We've
dialog: got to bring them together. Make
dialog: them a crew. We're as strong as our
dialog: weakest link and I don't want to
dialog: find that out the hard way. So, I
dialog: will challenge them and they will
dialog: come together.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You know the best thing about being
dialog: a Skipper is the worst thing. It's
dialog: all my responsibility. So I'll tell
dialog: you what George, you stay off of my
dialog: bridge, and I'll stay out of your
dialog: galley. We'll get along that way.
text: Everyone's quiet, but clear. Skipper and Alice exit.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Fucking bastard.
text: Lawford lets out a belly laugh.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: I've seen him snatch the tail of the
text: tempest and stuff it, screaming,
text: into a bottle. The bilges are full
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: He's been beyond the reach. To the
dialog: edge of the abyss and back. He'll
dialog: do well by us all George. He's a
dialog: real salt. There's no malice in him
dialog: and there's nothing more dear to him
dialog: than his boys. So sleep well my
dialog: friend.
text: Lawford seductively produces a pair of Havana cigars,
text: passes one to George and winks.
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - DUSK
text: Robin leans over the sink elbow deep in dishwater watching
text: through the cabin window, as the sun slips below the
text: horizon. Chuck stands in the doorway with a plate of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: How ya doing?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Look, I appreciate, you know, the
dialog: concern and all, but like he said, I
dialog: can take care of myself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I just brought you something to eat.
text: Robin turns and notices the plate of food and nods. They
text: stand silently. It's awkward.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I feel like I got you into this.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm used to spending a lot of time
dialog: alone. I guess that's what I
dialog: thought it would be out here. But,
dialog: it's not is it?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry I left you hanging up
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It doesn't matter. Really. I'm
dialog: just sorry you got chewed out.
text: Robin nods. They both stare out at the rising moon.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: My brother and I used to climb to
dialog: the top of this old beech tree in
text: the back yard and watch the moon
dialog: come up just like this. My parents
dialog: would fight all the time so we'd
dialog: sneak out there where we couldn't
dialog: hear 'em and recite scenes from our
dialog: favorite movies.
text: Robin grows quiet.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Would you believe I miss it? The
dialog: middle of paradise and I'm homesick.
text: Chuck smiles and puts a hand on his back.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: Well, I wouldn't worry. It'll all
dialog: be there when we get back.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: The sky is dark and a storm is building and the boat rolls
text: and pitches. Chuck sees Terry heaving over the side.
text: John and Tod hear the sound and turn.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Come on man. Show a little
dialog: backbone!
dialog: (to Tod)
dialog: You believe that?!
text: Tod is fixated on Terry. Suddenly, without warning, he
text: breaks for the rail and lets fly.
text: Phil and Charlie are next. Chris climbs through the
text: companionway but doesn't make it to the side. Spontaneous
text: regurgitation. Bill and Lawford jump up onto the wheel
text: housing to avoid being sprayed. Suddenly everyone is
text: heaving.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: We're gonna have nobody left up here
dialog: to crew. Better let Skipper know.
text: Bill nods and disappears. John joins Chuck watching the
text: events around him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well Gieg, I'm glad to see I'm not
dialog: the only guy on this boat that can
dialog: take a little rock'n roll. Bunch of
dialog: wusses, I swear...!
text: Chuck watches each of his shipmates. Then, suddenly, out
text: of nowhere -- Projectile vomit all over John. He looks at
text: Chuck, horrified, then he too, cuts loose over the rail.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Son of a bitch!!
text: Chuck looks at John, furious with himself, and begins to
text: laugh. But after a moment he starts to laugh too. It's
text: infectious, they crack each other up. Then, in the middle
text: of belly laughing, they simultaneously retch again over
dialog: the side.
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER'S CABIN - DAY
text: Skipper sits at his desk with some charts spread out in
text: front of him. There's a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Skipper, uh, the crew is pretty much
text: doing group boot over the side.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Well, that's all part of it.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We've got weather moving in from the
dialog: west.
text: Skipper looks up.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: That's part of it, too.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DUSK
text: Skipper stands at the wheelhouse with Lawford, George and
text: Bill, studying the horizon through binoculars. Dark
text: clouds. Chuck watches Skipper. Everyone, looking for a
dialog: cue.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That a... storm, Skipper?
text: Skipper stays glued to the binoculars.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Uh, huh.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Would you, um, say it's a big storm?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Sometimes it gets exciting out here.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Barometer's dropping. The first
dialog: blow'll come from the south. Might
dialog: get interesting.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shouldn't we turn away?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You can't run from the wind son.
dialog: You trim your sails, face the music
dialog: and let the chips fall. Bill, let's
dialog: close her up, dog, tight.
text: Close on hatches and skylights slamming closed and cinched
dialog: tight.
scene_heading: BELOW DECKS
text: Bulkhead doors are closed and cranked down tightly.
scene_heading: IN THE GALLEY
text: Pots and pans crash around.
scene_heading: IN THE MAIN CABIN
text: The cabin doors on the bookcase swing open and dump books
text: on top of Alice. She turns and looks at the mess,
text: annoyed.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Furl the squares, reef the main, and
dialog: bend on the storm jib, but keep it
dialog: furled. Drop everything but the
dialog: inner jib. I want everybody down
dialog: before we get any lightning.
text: Bill bolts forward with Lawford barking orders. Most of
text: the crew are still ill, but climb into the rigging and
text: begin dropping sail.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Why's it always happen at night?
text: Skipper regards George, annoyed.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: George... I want hot food in
dialog: everybody. Get to it.
text: George returns to the galley. Alice joins Skipper at the
text: wheelhouse handing him foul-weather gear.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Looks like weather.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yep.
text: He slips on a yellow slicker.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Do me a favor and tell Bill once
dialog: she's dogged down I want everyone to
text: break out their slickers and make
dialog: sure their gear is stowed or we'll
dialog: spend the next week sorting
dialog: underwear.
dialog: (to the others)
text: Lawford, Bill, Mike, John, and Phil
dialog: will stand the watch. Everyone else
text: hit the racks.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: I'm not staying out here.
text: Skipper fires off a look that frightens even Phil.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: No. That's for sure. Charlie, take
dialog: his place.
text: Phil goes below, a little ashamed. The crew scatters.
text: Chuck, still at the wheel, pipes up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If it's all the same, I'd like to
dialog: stay on deck.
text: Skipper regards Chuck, who looks back with both fear and
text: eagerness. Suddenly he sees something in this kid. Maybe
text: himself. He almost smiles. Almost.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Take the wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. FORETOP - SAME
text: Dark clouds blot out the sky and stars. Thunder rumbles
text: far away. The seas have built but there's no wind... yet.
text: With no steerage, the ship is tossed.
text: Tod hangs high above the heaving deck continuing to furl.
text: The mast swings from side to side, but the air has gone
text: dead calm. Skipper looks up, anticipating.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Everyone out of the rigging NOW!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Everybody down! ON THE DOUBLE!!
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: HERE IT COMES!!
text: ON THE DECK
text: The crew in the rigging scamper down to the safety of the
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Bill, on the wheel with Chuck.
text: Bill joins Chuck and takes hold of the wheel. Then it
dialog: hits.
text: A wall of torrential rain drums the deck amid a tympany of
text: thunder and flashing lightning. The bow explodes through
text: twelve foot swells. This is what the Albatross was born
dialog: to do.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SAME
text: It's all the crew can do to stay in their bunks. Pots
text: crash, books and personals go flying. The guys are
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: ON DECK
text: The main and jib sheets tighten. Skipper looks at Chuck
text: and Bill. It all comes down to moments like these and he
dialog: loves it.
text: Suddenly, there is a loud CRACK! A violent flapping
text: noise. Skipper leaps to the port and looks forward. Tod
text: comes running back.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: We blew the inner!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'll go.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Bring it down and run up the storm
dialog: jib. We'll fix it later. Stay out
dialog: of reach of the blocks!
text: Tod and Alice disappear.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (with a twinkle)
dialog: Well, we're in it now.
text: Chuck studies him, frightened, but reassured.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW - SAME
text: The shredded jib and rigging whip violently in the wind.
text: The block smashes into the gunnel rail, shattering it. No
text: one dares go near it. For a moment, it seems to hang
text: there seductively. John, naive of its power, leaps for
text: the rail and grabs it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: NOOO!!!
text: Suddenly, the wind cracks the sail instantly hurling John
text: high off the deck and over the side. He holds on for dear
text: life, screaming.
text: AT THE WHEEL
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Chuck)
text: Hold her steady.
text: Skipper bolts forward.
text: AT THE BOW
text: Alice uncleats the jib halyard, leaving one turn on the
text: pin and shoves it into Tod's hands.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Release this when I tell you!!
text: Skipper joins Tod as Alice scrambles along the deck and
text: pulls herself into the bowsprit netting. When the block
text: and jib swing inboard, she grabs for the leach of the sail
dialog: yelling...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: NOW!!!
text: As John is snapped inboard Alice leaps up, grabbing the
text: sail, leaning out over the open water. Waves explode
text: through the netting. As Tod releases the halyard, John
text: falls to the deck, bruised, humbled, but alive. Lawford
text: and Skipper pull Alice from the bowsprit.
text: Skipper looks her over. Relieved. No broken bones. Good
text: work. But then this is what he expects. He respects her
text: and now, everyone can see why. He looks at John sprawled
text: on the deck.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Be careful will ya?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What ever you say Cap...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Let's get that storm jib up.
text: Skipper gives Alice a private look, then returns to the
text: stern where Chuck holds tightly onto the wheel.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: The storm lasted sixteen hours and
dialog: it set us all on equal footing. It
dialog: was the first time that we shared an
dialog: episode on an even plane. As we
dialog: stood our watches we were equally
dialog: out of control of our situation,
dialog: regardless of our physical abilities
dialog: or social backgrounds. And though
dialog: our real feelings lay hidden beneath
dialog: bravado and defiance, we were no
dialog: longer strangers.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: The crew is cleaning up. Alice supervises repairs to the
text: jib while others stow line, scrub the deck and chip paint.
text: Lawford paces.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: You know what they say in the Navy
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: What's that, Big Daddy?
dialog: The more experienced crew members have heard this all
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: "If it moves, salute it. If it
text: doesn't move, pick it up. If it's
dialog: too big to pick up, paint it!"
text: The boys mockingly salute Lawford as he walks by. John
text: stands before a porthole combing his Brylcreem hair into a
dialog: "D.A."
text: Mike and Chris climb on deck with several large boxes.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ladies, gentlemen and
dialog: hermaphrodites, Mr. Corry and I are
dialog: happy to announce the grand opening
dialog: of Trans-Border Enterprises.
text: They start opening the boxes. One is a case of Coca Cola,
text: another is full of cigarettes and candy.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: All of the creature comforts and
dialog: vices you could possibly want, at
dialog: home or abroad, available twenty-
dialog: four hours a day.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: For a price, of course.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: If you've got "a broad" available
dialog: I'll take her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like you'd know what to do with one.
text: The crew shakes their heads, mutter and check out the
dialog: goods.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: You got Marlboro's?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Absa-fuckin-lutely.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Toss me a Cola.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Fifty cents.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What?!!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Contraband's hard to come by out
dialog: here son.
text: John is still grooming at the window.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey Goodall, you got a date or
dialog: something?
text: John continues to comb.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. With your mom.
speaker_heading: EVERYBODY
dialog: Oooooooo.
text: Phil slinks away.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: We also have a few rental items...
text: Chris displays a Playboy magazine. Everybody clamors to
dialog: get a look.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There's a penalty for any material
dialog: returned to the Trans-Border Library
text: with sticky pages.
text: John walks by, snatches the magazine and heads for his
text: bunk flipping through the pages.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey, you can't do that!!
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: He can't do that!!
text: John flops in a deck chair. Chris shakes his head and
text: starts closing up the boxes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sure he can.
scene_heading: EXT. STERN - LATER
text: Chuck sits alone, away from the others, reading. On cue,
text: half of the crew descend, dragging him kicking and
text: screaming into the bowswain's chair, and over the side.
text: The guys cheer.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Come on you guys, this isn't funny!
text: The seat spins, twists and swings from behind the boat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on Chucky. Show us a little
text: grit.
text: They lower the chair so it glides just above the surface.
text: When the boat noses into a swell Chuck gets quite a ride.
text: Once he has the hang of it, fear turns to elation.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: YEEE HAAAA!!!!!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay, who's next?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You gotta be kidding? He's a human
dialog: chum line!
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: No self respecting shark is gonna
dialog: take a bite out of you.
text: Chuck's hauled back in and Terry pushes his way to the
text: front of the line.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm next!
text: Terry goes over the side. Once he gets the hang of it, he
text: gets into it. He maneuvers the chair like a plane,
text: forcing himself deep into the waves and then blasting back
text: to the surface.
scene_heading: OFF THE PORT SIDE
text: Robin is trolling. The line takes a tremendous hit and
text: Robin's reel screams. Tod is at the wheel and turns.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: There she blows!!
text: Two hundred feet out something large and pissed has taken
text: the bait. The crew turn and look. Skipper looks out at
text: Terry still in the bowswain's chair.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Get him in.
text: Bill waves at Terry to come on in.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Come on in!!!
text: Terry waves him off and disappears back under the waves.
text: They can't pull him up while he's going under the water.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Do it now Bill.
text: Terry pops up, pissed that they're reeling him back in.
text: Suddenly the animal on the other end of Robin's line
text: explodes out of the sea. It's a six foot Thresher shark.
text: Terry sees it too and freaks, suddenly thrashing and
text: screaming.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Get me out!!! Get me out!!!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh my god!! It's a...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Shark.
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: Don't lose it son.
text: George grabs a gaffing hook while Robin fights the rod,
text: trying to bring in the big fish.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Keep it coming.
text: Robin battles the fish. George clumsily tries to help.
text: The crew make their way to the rear to watch.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoops.
text: Charlie and Rick and the others heave to get Terry up.
text: Finally he makes it. Sprawling onto the deck.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Oh Jesus! Oh Jesus Christ!!
text: The crew turn and cheer Robin on as he brings the shark
text: alongside.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He must be two hundred pounds!
text: Bring him in close and try to hold
text: him steady.
text: George leans out over the rail, trying to get the hook
text: into a gill. Several of the boys hold onto him as the
text: fish flops around violently.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Got him!
text: Skipper comes down to inspect the catch. The shark is
text: longer than Terry is tall and thrashes in the the water,
text: snapping and twisting. Terry stands shaking, freaked.
text: All of them are.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Damn Terr, you're whiter than Sister
text: Mary Anne's butt.
text: The guys laugh nervously. Terry just stares at the man
text: eater, but it's infectious. After a moment he's laughing
text: too. Skipper slaps him on the back with a wry smile.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Well, now you have something to
dialog: write home about.
text: More laughter. Suddenly, Tom, who is lookout on the
text: foretop, cries out.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Land ho!!! Land ho!!!
text: Everyone turns around to look. The guys at the stern let
text: go of George and he nearly tumbles overboard. In that
text: instant, the shark slips off of the gaff, and disappears
text: back into the sea. Robin and George share a stunned look.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: There's more where that came from.
text: Skipper returns to the wheelhouse with Alice. Together
text: they scan the horizon. Clouds build over the land ahead.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Cheated death again.
text: He slips an arm around her.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yep.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTIGUA - HARBOR - DAY
text: A group of islanders have assembled to watch the crew
text: approach in the long boats.
scene_heading: INT. LONG BOAT - SAME
text: Chuck gazes across the strange landscape. As the boats
text: dock, the crew pile out and scatter. Local children
text: follow them wherever they go. Chuck, Robin and John find
text: themselves alone. Most of the buildings are primitive.
text: They wander over to a shop.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What do you say? Cokes? I'm
dialog: buying.
speaker_heading: CHUCK &amp; JOHN
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP
text: Chuck and Robin reappear, sipping cold Cokes. Mike and
text: Chris walk by across the street. Robin speaks up loud
dialog: enough for them to hear.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You're right Chuck. There's nothing
text: quite as refreshing as a cold ten
dialog: cent Coke that only costs ten cents!
text: The three clink their bottles. Mike and Chris slink away.
scene_heading: EXT. COLONIAL FORT - DAY
text: A crumbling fort overlooks the harbor. Below, the
text: Albatross floats like a pearl on the azure blue water.
text: Large bronze muzzle-loading cannons still lie in their
text: gunports, aimed at the sea, waiting for pirate ships that
dialog: will never come.
text: Each of the guys are sprawled on a cannon, taking in the
text: Caribbean view.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You think Skipper and Alice do it?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Ya know... "It".
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's like wondering if your mom
dialog: and dad do it. Who wants to know?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She isn't that old.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I mean she looks pretty damn good in
dialog: her all-together for being thirty.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: How would you know?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Trust me donut. I know.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What? Come on...
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: On the dog watch, night after the
text: storm, I look down into the skylight
text: above Skipper's cabin and there she
dialog: was, peelin' down.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No way!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Come on man, what'd they look like?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Damn, Porkchop, you sound just like
dialog: a guy who ain't never seen a pair.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I've seen 'em. I've seen 'em.
text: They crack up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I walked in on my parents one time.
text: It was only like eight o'clock and
dialog: they were in bed and I thought that
dialog: was kinda weird so I just walked in.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's what they get for not locking
text: the door.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: So I'm standing there and you could
text: hear a pin drop. No breathing or
text: snoring... Suddenly it hits me that
dialog: somethin' was goin' on that just
dialog: stopped, really fast, like people
text: are holding their breath.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: So... What happened?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My mother says in this really low,
text: but very awake kind of voice "What?"
text: John and Robin crack up.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What'd you do?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I said "Sorry, wrong room" and
dialog: walked away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Did you shut the door at least?
text: They bust up again. Chuck glares back.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't remember.
text: Robin sits up on his cannon and looks out, suddenly
dialog: melancholy.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: My parents don't do it anymore.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: How do you know? They might.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: 'Cause they're getting a divorce.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's why they sent me here. My
dialog: sister's at Tabor. They just wanted
dialog: us out of the house so they could
dialog: get down to business.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They tell you that?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I figured it out.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My old man split along time ago. It
dialog: doesn't mean anything. You just
dialog: take care of number one that's all
dialog: that matters.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It matters to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Okay donut. Whatever you say.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We better get back.
text: Robin looks up to John.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Did you really see 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The boat moves off leaving the lights of Antigua behind.
text: Chuck watches as the island disappears below the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: The wind is up and the seas are high. The ship is under
text: full sail driving at top speed. Foam sprays from the bow
text: as it slices through the water -- what she was born to do.
text: The crew line the starboard rail, thrilled to be part of
dialog: the performance.
text: Tod is at the wheel with Chris nearby. The sails tower
text: above him like a mountain of silk. He wrestles the wheel,
dialog: careful to hold his course against the powerful trade
dialog: winds.
text: Skipper, making his rounds inspects the heading on the
text: compass and nods.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: It's a good sail boys.
text: Tod and Chris beam. Compliments are rare from this man.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Thank you, sir. Shall we trim the
dialog: main Skipper? I think we could get
text: another knot or two.
text: Skipper turns and looks at Tod, a twinkle in his eye.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: As you like.
text: Gravy. The two gloat as they lighten the mainsheet
text: tackle. Phil joins them.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What do you say I have a crack at
dialog: the wheel?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I'd say, fuck off junior.
text: They laugh. Phil slinks behind the chart house, hurt, and
text: angry. He spots a spear gun stowed against the chart
dialog: house.
text: As Tod and Chris pull in the main, it strains and
text: stretches against the powerful wind.
text: Phil aims the spear gun at the mainsail from behind the
text: chart house and silently fires. There is a wicked POP as
text: the spear punctures the sail, passing through it, followed
text: by a loud shredding as the huge sail splits.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Jesus Christ!! Let it out. Let it
dialog: out!!
text: The sound brings Skipper onto the deck like a shot.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Hard to port! Hard to port!!
text: Calamity, as Tod cranks the ship into the wind. The
text: canvas goes limp as the ship hauls to a dead stop. People
dialog: dive everywhere to drop sail.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Start the engine. All ahead full!!
dialog: Scallop the Square and drop the
dialog: rest!!
text: He shoots a glare at Tod and Chris.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: I don't know what happened Skipper.
dialog: It just blew out.
text: Skipper turns to the task at hand without a word. What
text: had been praise is now reduced to embarrassment and
dialog: confusion.
text: Phil, still hidden behind the chart house returns the
text: spear gun and smiles to himself at Tod's arrogance turned
dialog: humility.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - TOBAGO CAYS - DAY
text: The Albatross has dropped anchor along a remote group of
text: flat, lush atolls. Tall palm trees grow almost to the
text: waters edge. The crew have the mainsail down and Alice
text: supervises the repair of the sail. Phil sits above it all
text: sunning himself in the bowswain's chair.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Where are you from any way?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Depths of hell... Ohio. How 'bout
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Kennet Square, PA. 'Mushroom
dialog: capital of the world'.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Sorry to here it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Well, and it's pretty cool too, ya
dialog: know? Bein' here together an all...
text: Phil reels himself down.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Christ, I'm gonna choke on 'feel
dialog: good'...
text: Robin looks up, taken back.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Why are you such a penis Phil. Do
dialog: you do it on purpose or can't you
dialog: help it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Tug my chain Johnstone.
text: Skipper comes on deck. Robin and Chuck flip Phil and
dialog: Terry the finger.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: After midterms we'll finish our run
text: down to Curacao.
text: The crew reacts, grumbling.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I have arranged to host a good will
dialog: cruise for the Dutch students of the
dialog: local school there.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (to Terry)
dialog: Joy, rapture...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Each one of you will be responsible
dialog: for one student. I'll expect you to
dialog: be courteous. You represent this
dialog: school and your country. We'll sail
text: in the morning.
text: George appears from the galley and rings the ships bell.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's chow.
text: The crew drop what they're doing and stampede down into
dialog: the cabin.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - NIGHT
text: Robin thrashes in his bunk calling out. Sweat glistens on
text: his face. Chuck stumbles out to his bunk with Rick and
text: some of the others.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Hey man, wake up. Wake up!
text: They shake him. Robin wakes, disoriented, eyes filled
text: with tears.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I was falling...
text: Phil grumbles from his bunk.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey, shut up will ya?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It was a bad dream...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It was so real...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Here's the thing; whenever you're
dialog: having a nightmare, all you have to
dialog: do is say 1-2-3 wake up! You'll be
dialog: out of it. You'll wake up.
text: Phil rolls over in his bunk trying to go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Who told you that?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My dad.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It works?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Swear to God. Only good advice he
dialog: ever gave me. Now, go back to
dialog: sleep.
text: He pats Robin on the leg. The guys return to their bunks.
text: Favor Phil, listening.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (lingering)
dialog: You okay now?
text: Robin stares at the photo of his brother.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: That's how he died you know.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: My brother. He fell out of the old
dialog: beech tree. Broke his neck. I was
text: on a camp out. They started going
dialog: at it, throwin' things, a real knock
dialog: down...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They didn't find him 'till the next
dialog: morning. They didn't even know why
dialog: he was up there.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jesus, you never told them?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I couldn't.
text: Phil stares at the ceiling, affected by what he has
text: overheard. Someone creeps down the companionway and
text: whispers.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Hey you guys, come on!
text: Shuffling in the darkness. Phil suddenly realizes, he's
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - NIGHT
text: The dory hangs from her gallows. Some of the guys slowly
text: lower her to the water.
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - SAME
text: George is asleep with a book in his lap. Mike and Chris
text: slip inside. The door squeaks, George stirs. Mike opens
text: a cabinet and removes a fifth of rum.
text: Silently, Mike passes the bottle to Chris who passes it to
text: Tod who passes it to Charlie who drops it down to Robin
text: who stands in the lowered dory with Chuck.
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
text: Startled, Mike and Rick share a look. Busted. Phil turns
text: and runs into John, wearing a broad smile, who shakes his
dialog: head. No way.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Forget it. Count me out!
text: The crew descend and drag Phil, struggling, into the dory.
text: They raise a crude sailing rig and silently move off.
text: A figure stands on top of the chart house, back lit by the
text: moon. It's Skipper. Watching it all. Letting it unfold.
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - NIGHT
text: Skipper hovers over George, sawing logs. He tosses a pot
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (bolting up)
dialog: What?! What's happening?!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You're officer of the watch, George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm sorry, Skip. It's this damned
dialog: book. Lawford gave it to me.
text: The book is "Kafka". Skipper motions to the empty
dialog: cabinet.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: We're short one long boat too. Come
dialog: on.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE - NIGHT
text: The boys sit in a circle around a small fire passing the
text: bottle. Rick strums his guitar and sings while the rest
dialog: join in.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Oh I was walkin' down Lime street
dialog: one day...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Hey! Weigh! Blow the man down...
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: A pretty young maiden she happened
dialog: my way...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Give me some time to blow the man
dialog: down...
text: Skipper and George crawl to the top of a sand dune and
text: watch the boys. George starts to stand but Skipper puts a
text: hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I guess we know what the next
dialog: acquisition for the galley is going
dialog: to be...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: A padlock.
text: On the boys. Phil is drunkest of them all and does a wild
text: jig as the rest of them sing.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: So to all you sailors who've fought
dialog: wind and whale...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Weight! Hey! Blow the man down...
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: She said "None the better, you all
dialog: go to hell..."
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Give me some time to Blow the man
dialog: down!
text: They all crack up.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I only have one question.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's that, Canuck?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: If we're not on the boat, how come
dialog: the ground is moving?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You think George'll miss the bottle?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We'll blame it on Big Daddy. He's a
dialog: lush.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: All I know is if that Viking son of
dialog: a bitch puts me on smegma duty one
dialog: more time I'm gonna have to run him
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: The "Old Man" likes a tight ship!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: "If it moves, shoot it..."
text: The rest join in.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: "If it doesn't move, throw it
text: overboard. If it's too big to throw
dialog: overboard, screw it!"
text: More laughing.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: You think Old Thunder Nuts will
dialog: figure out that we're A.W.O.L.
text: Bill drunkenly imitates the Skipper.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: "There is nothing that goes on, on
dialog: this boat that I don't know about.
dialog: She speaks to me in the night. So
dialog: don't test me. Not even a
dialog: little..."
text: The boys laugh. On the dune, George shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Immortality.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Spirits have a way of bringing that
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And being sixteen.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: They're in a hurry to grow up. They
dialog: don't know about consequences or
dialog: responsibility. That's being
dialog: sixteen too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I promise you one thing...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: They'll know about it in the
dialog: morning.
text: Skipper smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: The drunken crew stumble out of the woods onto the beach.
text: As they ready the boat for the trip back Robin looks out
dialog: to sea...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Jesus H. Christ.
text: Tod looks up.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: What now pork chop?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Look!
text: The guys turn their gaze to the ocean. The Albatross...
dialog: is gone!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Holy shit! Where'd she go?
text: The crew is suddenly stone sober. Stunned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: She's gone! The boat's gone!!
text: Phil breaks into sort of a blind panic.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh Jesus, oh Jesus. Man I knew we
dialog: shouldn't have gone. I tried to
dialog: tell you. I tried to tell you. You
dialog: guys made me come! You made me
dialog: come!!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Will you shut up? You sound like my
dialog: fucking sister.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Alright. Everybody just stay cool.
dialog: We'll figure this out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Who the hell checked the mooring?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I did. Why?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe she pulled free...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What if they don't know. If she's
text: adrift, if they're asleep, she could
text: run aground. She could break up on
dialog: the reef.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: Maybe you didn't check it good
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (defensive,
dialog: frightened)
dialog: I did. I swear.
text: Oddly, it's Phil who stands up for Robin.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah, well you're really gonna have
dialog: some bad dreams if we find out you
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's enough.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: How the hell are we gonna get outta
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We'll think of something.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh, praise the lord.
dialog: (announcing)
dialog: Relax everybody. Everything is
text: under control. The jug head's going
dialog: to think of something.
text: Without warning. John lunges at Phil. Phil screams,
text: trying to defend himself. The guys all dive in. Suddenly
text: it's an all out brawl.
text: John out of control pounding Phil's head against the seat
text: of the boat.
text: Suddenly, from behind, comes a blistering "THWACK!!" as
text: Chuck breaks an oar over the back of John's head.
text: Stunned, John lets go of Phil and turns, blood dripping
text: from the back of his head.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nobody calls me an idiot.
text: He weaves, then passes out, falling face down in the sand.
text: The guys stagger to their feet, trying to recover.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: God damn it man. I think he broke
dialog: my nose!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shut up, Phil.
text: Chuck tosses the broken oar handle, kneels over and
text: vomits.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Well that's just great. Now what
dialog: are we supposed to do?
text: Chuck and Robin hoist John up and drag him under a palm
text: tree, propping him up. The others huddle to stay warm.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: The crew's asleep in the tropical heat of day. Bloodied
text: and sun burned. A fly buzzes around Rick's face, waking
text: him. He sits up sunburned and sore trying to focus. He
text: gazes across the water, stupefied.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Oh-my-god...
text: The others stir and follow his gaze. The Albatross sits
text: in exactly the spot where they left her.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'm not sure if this is really good
dialog: or really bad.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - DAY
text: The sound of a rod and reel spinning wildly. George tries
text: to maintain control as the rod nearly jumps out of his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I got a live one!
text: Skipper, Alice and Bill watch the shoreline as the boys
text: launch the long boat into the surf. George is struggling.
text: A beautiful tarpon leaps out of the water, but Skipper
text: never takes his eyes off of his boys.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: The thing about fishing George, is
dialog: you need to let 'em run some. Give
dialog: 'em just enough slack so they don't
dialog: break the line. But at the same
dialog: time you've gotta keep enough
dialog: tension to wear 'em down, bring 'em
dialog: in slowly so they don't really know
dialog: they're hooked.
text: Suddenly George's line goes slack. He nearly falls over
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'll try and remember that.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: Hound dog and hung over, bloodied and burned, the boys
text: stand before Skipper and the others. Skipper looks dark
dialog: and angry.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You know what a loose cannon is?
dialog: 'Bout the worst thing that could
dialog: happen to a wooden ship. All it
text: took was one, crashing around the
dialog: deck in a storm... It'd smash
dialog: everything in its way, maybe take
dialog: out a mast or punch a hole right
dialog: through the hull. Think about it,
dialog: just one cannon not tied down, not
dialog: anchored, could take a whole 'Man of
dialog: War' straight to the bottom.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (aside)
dialog: But we don't have any cannons?
text: Chris jabs him in the ribs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Shut up!
text: Skipper turns and faces them.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Now, if the Skipper were smart, if
text: he could see a storm building, why
text: he'd cut loose every gun on his
dialog: boat. Even though it would leave
text: him at a disadvantage in battle,
dialog: he'd push 'em into the sea. Better
dialog: chance running for port than risk
text: the entire ship, his crew.
text: He takes a pause making sure he has their attention for
dialog: this part.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: People are like that sometimes.
dialog: They cut loose and before you know
dialog: it, they're knocking holes in
dialog: everything. So you gotta ask
dialog: yourself if it might not be better
dialog: to just put 'em off before they sink
dialog: the whole thing. I mean after all,
dialog: you can always get new cannons.
text: He walks back to his place at the rail.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want a tight ship, everybody
dialog: shaved and in clean clothes when we
dialog: make Curacao. If it goes well, if
dialog: your mid terms are acceptable, I may
dialog: reconsider my decision about the
dialog: rest of the trip. That's all.
text: Dejected, the crew goes below.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: Under sail. Skipper stands at the wheel overseeing the
text: crew taking exams. Each writes furiously as Alice
text: scribbles problems on the blackboard which hangs from the
text: chart house door.
text: As the boys scratch out the problems, John seems
text: paralyzed. He looks over at Phil and copies down his
text: answer. He checks crib notes hidden in his shorts. Chuck
text: and Robin both see this and exchange looks.
scene_heading: INT. AFT CABIN - DAY
text: John makes his way down the narrow corridor towards the
text: head. Robin follows. Chuck drops down the aft
text: companionway, intercepting John.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: To take a piss.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Really?
text: John turns around, surprised, sandwiched.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, that's right. You wanna come
dialog: in and shake it for me?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If you're gonna cheat, you might as
dialog: well copy off somebody who's gonna
dialog: get the answer right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You've gotta be kidding. Get the
dialog: fuck outta my way!
text: Chuck throws open the Engine Room door and they shove John
text: inside.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell!!!
text: Chuck manages to pin John. Robin checks his pockets and
text: comes up with the crib notes. Chuck lets go. John
text: snatches them, ashamed.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Takin' a piss?
text: John turns away.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Why, man?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't have to listen to this.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes you do, stupid. Because if you
dialog: don't, I'm gonna go right up there
dialog: and have a heart to heart with
dialog: Skipper and you'll be on the first
dialog: plane back to idiotville.
text: John lunges at Chuck, sending them both sprawling. Robin
text: leaps on top of John.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Cut it out man!! Stop it!!! What's
dialog: the matter with you? If Phil had
dialog: caught you he'd have ratted you out
dialog: in a second. You get caught
dialog: cheating, you'll get kicked off the
dialog: boat.
text: John explodes, tears flowing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I cheated to get on the boat!!! All
dialog: right?!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What?
text: He lets go of Chuck and stands up trying to hide his
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I doctored my grades so I'd make the
dialog: cut. I'm a moron, okay? You
dialog: satisfied?!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're not a moron.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wanna bet? Takes me half a day to
dialog: get through one chapter of Lawford
dialog: and I still don't have any idea what
dialog: the hell he's talkin' about. You
dialog: know why it takes me so long to
dialog: write papers? because I can't
dialog: spell. While everybody else is
dialog: sleeping, I'm in the rack with a
text: flashlight and a dictionary.
text: John chokes back a sob.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hell, they even kicked me outa vo-
dialog: tech 'cause I couldn't read a slide
dialog: rule.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I can show you how to use a slide
dialog: rule.
text: The three turn around, startled.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: How long you been standing there?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Long enough.
text: John looks down, resigned.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They were gonna put me into special-
dialog: ed this year. I stole a copy of my
dialog: transcript, changed all the grades.
dialog: Shit, who am I kidding. I'll never
text: pass the boards.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Listen, you don't cheat, and we'll
dialog: make sure you get the grades. We'll
dialog: start a private study group. Nobody
dialog: knows. You'll ace that test.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'm in.
text: They turn and look to Phil, who still shows the tell-tail
text: signs of their fight.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why would you do that?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Because we believe in you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because we're your friends.
scene_heading: EXT. CURACAO - HARBOR - DUSK
text: As a blazing sun sizzles into the western sea, the
text: Albatross rounds a point and heads towards the docks
text: several hundred yards away. On the dock, the students of
text: the school wait. As soon as the ship is in view, they
text: start to cheer. Chuck squints.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I can't make it out?
text: Robin calls up to Phil, who is at the wheelhouse.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Hey, Phil... Swing up the 'binocs'
dialog: and tell us what you see.
text: Phil picks up the binoculars and focuses.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (puzzled)
text: They're waving... handkerchiefs or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Maybe they're surrendering.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Wait a second...
text: Phil lowers the binoculars and turns to Skipper.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: They're girls! They're all girls!
text: Skipper shares a knowing look with Alice.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Gimme those.
text: Tod snatches the binoculars.
speaker_heading: TOD
text: WHHOOOOAAAAA!!!!!! WOMEN!!!
text: Everyone on board rushes to the port side. Every single
text: person on the dock is a young girl waving a white
text: handkerchief. Spontaneous cheers from the boys.
text: As the 'Big A' pulls to the dock, John and Tod run for the
text: gunnel door and swing it open. The girls flood the deck.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Good morning, ladies.
text: They chatter in Dutch and hurry aboard. Like wall
text: flowers, Robin, Phil and Chuck stand on top of the chart
text: house watching utopia unfold before them.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What are we supposed to talk about?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You've gotta be kidding?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: But, they don't speak English.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: There are some things that everybody
text: does in the same language.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, but how are you supposed to
dialog: make the first move?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Like this!
text: Phil reaches up for a free line. With a running start he
text: swings out over the water...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeeee Haaaaa!!
text: He careens back onto the deck and lands in front of two
text: startled, but impressed girls. Robin and Chuck applaud.
text: Phil takes a bow. All hell is breaking loose.
text: Skipper and Alice welcome aboard the headmaster, MS.
text: BOYDE, 50's, dumpy but tough.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: A very enthusiastic welcome.
scene_heading: MS. BOYDE
dialog: We don't often have guests. Our
dialog: girls have been looking forward to
dialog: your visit for some time. Welcome
dialog: to Curacao.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Thank you. You're all ready to sail
dialog: then?
scene_heading: MS. BOYDE
dialog: I should think so.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm sure they won't be disappointed.
text: A man's voice bellows up from the dock.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (O.S.)
dialog: Ahoy there!!
text: Everyone stops and freezes. Phil turns, disbelieving.
text: It's his parents, Francis and PEGGY BOUTILLIER, standing
text: next to a limousine dressed in brightly colored tourist
text: garb.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Surprise!
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, well. What do we have here?
dialog: A floating brothel?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Hardly.
text: Francis comes aboard uninvited as usual.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, we thought we'd drop in and
dialog: see if you were all still in one
dialog: piece.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: And, of course, we are.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, you never can tell these days,
dialog: can you?
text: Skipper shoots a look over at Phil who is staring a hole
text: in the deck.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What is it we can do for you today?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, we've come to give our boy a
text: little break from the monotony.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's not monotonous.
text: Francis flushes red.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Never the less...
text: He turns and joins Peggy on the dock. Phil is suddenly
text: full of rage. This is an invasion of his privacy.
dialog: Everyone feels it.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hop to boy. We haven't got all day.
text: Phil's anger turns to resigned humiliation. He stops,
text: staring down at his parents. Skipper puts a hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I didn't know, Phil.
text: Phil nods, head down and walks down the ramp. All watch
text: him go, feeling for him.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN WATER - DAY
text: The sails begin to rise but unlike earlier, the guys SING
dialog: out like the Vienna Boys Choir and it's having the desired
dialog: impressive effect on the women.
scene_heading: CREW TOGETHER
dialog: When the sun came up there was
dialog: whisky in the cup/ and not one of us
dialog: was sober/ Kerry thought she saw a
dialog: picture, but it really was the sun/
dialog: then we knew the party was over...
text: The weather was perfect, brisk and steady under the trade
text: wind swells. The voices trail away as the ship moves off.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
text: Curacao seemed out of a dream,
text: somehow make-believe. But, as Ohio
dialog: drew further and further away, it
text: was home that began to seem unreal,
text: drifting somewhere in the foggy
dialog: reaches of our memories. And I knew
dialog: that each of us was falling in love.
dialog: But not only with these wonderful
text: women or the swaying palms and
dialog: porcelain beaches... We were falling
dialog: in love with the experience we were
dialog: sharing, and with who we were
dialog: becoming.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - NIGHT
text: The crew is getting ready for a farewell party. Each
text: member is primping.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Bregitta. Do you believe it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Believe what?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Her name.
dialog: (savoring the sound)
dialog: Bregitta. It's poetry.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Soon as we ship it'll be "forgetta".
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Don't mind him, Chucky. You're
text: talking to a guy whose idea of big
text: romance is a palm full of Vaseline.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Screw you, Valentino. I haven't
dialog: seen you swapping spit with anybody.
text: Tod smiles as he slowly pulls something from his pocket.
text: It's a pair of girls' cotton underwear.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: That's because I'm discrete, moron.
text: The guys try to wrestle the underwear away from him. Just
text: then Skipper descends the companionway.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Alright, gentlemen, we sail with the
text: tide. Twenty-three hundred. Sharp.
dialog: I'm not waiting. Have a good time
dialog: tonight but be back on time.
text: The crew cheer. This means the trip goes on.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - GARDENS - NIGHT
text: Decorated with colored paper lanterns and streamers, a
text: STEEL DRUM BAND softly plays in the b.g. The crew slow-
text: dance with their girls, dressed in cotton that seems to
text: glow against their dark skin.
text: Ms. Boyde is scrutinizing the body contact between Chuck
text: and BREGITTA. Their lips appear pasted together and she
text: doesn't like it. Lawford sees what is about to happen and
text: hands his slimy cigar to George who reacts.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Hold this, will ya?
text: Lawford intercepts Ms. Boyde.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Madam, I would consider it a
dialog: privilege if you would allow me to
dialog: take you on a tour of the dance
dialog: floor.
text: Ms. Boyde is so flattered, it is all she can do to extend
text: her hand. Lawford leads her away and glares at Rick.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: You're very light on your feet Ms.
dialog: Boyde. Was it you who taught all of
dialog: these young ladies the art of the
dialog: dance?
text: Ms. Boyde giggles like a school girl.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Phil and his parents sit outside at a ritzy restaurant.
text: Phil stares towards the harbor.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What's wrong, you don't like steak?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I should be eating with the crew.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Humor me. Eat it anyway.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: We missed you. We wanted to check
dialog: on you.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't need you spying on me.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Spying?!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I can take care of myself.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Look, you put me on this boat in the
dialog: first place. I didn't want to come
dialog: but I did. Why do you have to
dialog: embarrass me. Why can't you just
dialog: leave me alone?
text: Francis slaps Phil across the face nearly knocking him out
text: of his chair. Everyone and everything. It's humiliating.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Francis!!
text: She cradles Phil's red face. He fights the tears.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Listen to me, you thankless little
dialog: prick. We're your parents, so don't
dialog: you dare talk to me disrespectfully.
dialog: What the hell is it, this captain?
dialog: Because I'll see him in a rowboat...
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: It has nothing to do with him.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, what does it have to do with?
dialog: Us?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No. Look, it's me okay? Can't it
dialog: just be about me? For once?
text: Phil pulls free and exits. He can feel eyes all over him.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - GARDENS - NIGHT
text: Alice watches, swept up in the nostalgic romance of it
text: all. Skipper joins her.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: He would have loved this.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Your father?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: All his years at sea, he never
dialog: stopped talking about these islands.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You miss him.
text: Skipper manages a sad smile.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Every hour. Every minute.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I wish he was here. I wish he could
dialog: have sailed our girl. Seen these
dialog: boys...
text: She smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I'd have liked to have said goodbye.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: He knows.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You sound so sure.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I am about this.
text: Skipper turns and stares at her deeply.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: He never would have believed a woman
dialog: like you existed.
text: Alice smiles and turns back to the dancers.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Do you remember the last time you
dialog: and I danced under the stars?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Guilty.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: On the deck of the Yankee, the night
dialog: you asked me to marry you. We
dialog: weren't much older than they are.
text: The music changes to a calypso waltz. Skipper takes Alice
text: by the hand.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Would you allow me?
text: She's sixteen again. There's something about him that
text: still makes her blush.
text: Skipper leads her to the dance floor. He hesitates,
text: looking deeply into her eyes. As they begin to dance, the
text: boys notice and exchange looks.
text: Lawford and George sit across the quad, sipping punch and
text: smoking cigars.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: If I didn't know better I'd say the
dialog: old man was acting almost halfway
dialog: human.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
text: He is halfway human.
text: One by one the couples clear for the Skipper and his
text: bride. They glide, lost in each others arms. They dance
text: a dance for the ages. As if it might be for the last
text: time. The music swells.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - NIGHT
text: Chuck and Bregitta, are at the end of the pier, a full
text: moon hangs above the horizon. Bregitta doesn't understand
text: what Chuck is saying, but it's clear she's enjoying him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can't remember feeling like this
dialog: about myself, a place, someone like
dialog: you. We've come such a long way,
dialog: seen so much. But nothing like this.
text: Bregitta smiles and takes Chuck's hand. He's nervous.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm not the best at expressing
dialog: myself. Maybe the only reason I can
dialog: now is because I know you don't
dialog: understand me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I like you so much. Too much. But
dialog: how could I? I mean, if we can't
dialog: even communicate, how could I know
dialog: you? It's confusing. We sail in an
dialog: hour and I'll never see you again.
text: Bregitta takes Chuck's face gently and kisses him
text: tenderly. Then, in perfect English...
speaker_heading: BREGITTA
dialog: I like you, too.
text: Chuck's eyes widen, astonished. Bregitta smiles, takes
text: Chuck by the hand, and leads him to a small covered boat
text: moored to the pier.
speaker_heading: BREGITTA
dialog: Come on. We don't have much time.
text: Blushing deeply, Chuck follows her into the boat.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: Robin walks down the street hand in hand with one of the
text: girls. A long string of colored lights illuminate the
text: length of the street. Robin clumsily tries to kiss the
text: girl. She laughs.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: What?
text: Suddenly there's a flash and the sound of breaking glass.
text: Robin looks up to see Phil staggering, down the street,
text: smashing each of the colored light bulbs with a stick. He
text: showers himself with broken glass and sparks.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: Wait for me okay. I'll be right
dialog: back. I swear.
text: She smiles sadly and nods. Robin sprints down the pier
text: and catches up with Phil. His feet are bleeding. He is
text: completely smashed.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Phil. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Fandango, Junior.
text: (he holds up his
dialog: stick)
dialog: I'm gonna do some limbo baby!!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: No way Phil. Not like this.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: Roger Meris, steps up, it's a corker
dialog: down the pipe...
text: THWACK! He scores another bulb. Robin jumps out of the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's outta here!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Come on man. Let's just talk about
dialog: it.
text: The music drifts from the gardens ahead. Phil bolts.
text: Robin chases after him.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Phil! Wait man... Come on...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - GARDENS - NIGHT
text: John shares a joke with Lawford and George. The calypso
text: is cranking, but only John hears Phil and Robin crash into
text: the refreshment table. Robin struggles to stop Phil.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Lawford)
dialog: Be right back.
text: Lawford nods, oblivious.
text: ON THE GUYS
text: John tries to help Robin with Phil.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jesus! What the hell happened to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Lemme go! Lemme go!!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I don't know. We gotta get 'im
text: outta here before Skipper sees him
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Son of a bitch!!
text: Phil kicks and struggles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Phil, if you don't calm down, I'm
dialog: gonna hurt you. Got it?
text: They drag him into the darkness. From near the bandstand
text: however, Skipper has seen it all.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - NIGHT
text: The crew lean along the rail waving goodbye to the girls
text: who wave back with their white handkerchiefs.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SAME
text: Chuck and John hold Phil still as Robin picks shards of
text: glass out of his feet. Phil clenches his jaw, but his
text: eyes are dry.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - DAY
text: The ship is under full-sail driving before a brisk
text: following wind. It takes two on the helm to keep her
text: safely on course. Those not on watch are sprawled about
text: the boat, scraping and 'red-leading' or reading. Chuck
text: and Robin sit forward with John, studying. Lawford paces
text: the deck, chiding the crew.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: The rust won't wait for you to read
dialog: Conrad, Goodall.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then he shouldn't have written such
text: a long poem, Mr. Lawford.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: Read on, young John. Read on.
text: College boards are coming.
text: John looks down, dejected. Suddenly Tod cries from the
text: foretop.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: There they blow!! There they blow!!
dialog: Dolphins off the bow!!!
text: Everyone rushes to see. Dolphins leaping out of the
dialog: water. It's a magnificent game they play with ships. The
text: crew cheers as each one explodes out of the sea, close
dialog: enough to touch.
text: Isolated, Phil watches. Angry, cut off. Chuck eyes him,
dialog: worried.
text: Bill and Charlie rig the bowswain's chair and lower Rick
text: into the water. Suddenly, the dolphins are everywhere.
text: Rick pets them as they swim back and forth. Shear joy.
text: Phil reaches for the spear gun. Nobody notices as he
text: loads and takes aim.
text: Suddenly... with a crack, everyone spins around. A large
text: female dolphin leaps out of the water, bloody foam
text: spraying from her blow hole. She lets out an agonizing
text: scream. Phil holds her fast.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: The crew can only watch, stunned. Phil is suddenly,
text: defensive as if waking from a dream.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Fuck off man. It's just a fish.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: No, Phil. It's a mammal.
text: Skipper steps on deck, sees the dolphin and Phil with the
text: spear gun.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Bill, lower a long boat. We'll
dialog: bring her up with the davit.
text: A dory is lowered with John and Bill inside. Once near
text: the water they maneuver the struggling dolphin into a
text: canvas harness. The crew hoist her with the davit tackle,
text: swing her inboard, and gently lower her to the deck.
text: They gather around the gasping animal. Alice checks the
text: wound. Skipper kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What do you think?
text: Alice shakes her head and gently strokes the dolphin.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: It's through her lung.
text: Skipper turns to Phil.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to Phil)
dialog: Nice shot.
text: Phil looks up at the crew but one by one they look away.
text: Chuck finds this confusing and inexcusable but is the last
text: to look away. Skipper grimly walks over to one of the
text: deck lockers and pulls out a large wooden mallet and holds
dialog: it out to Phil.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Finish it.
text: Phil looks at the mallet, horrified.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: I'm not gonna kill it.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You already have. Now go on. Do
dialog: it.
text: Phil backs away. Skipper stares at him for a moment, then
text: walks over to the dolphin. Robin looks away. The
text: sickening sound of the mallet crushing the skull of the
text: animal seems to silence the world. There are one of two
text: thumps of her tail and, it's over.
text: Skipper tosses the bloody mallet into the locker and
text: approaches Phil, his face flushed with anger. He grabs
text: the spear gun, and snaps it across his knee and throws the
text: pieces into the sea.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?!
text: Phil begins to shake with rage.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Come on. You got so much fight in
dialog: you; you wanna kill something? Take
dialog: your best shot. The first one's
dialog: free.
text: Robin holds his ears as if he can make it all go away.
text: For a brief moment Phil looks as if he might take Skipper
text: up on the challenge. Then the impulse passes.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: That's what I thought.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're done. You're going home.
text: Skipper turns. The humiliation is more than Phil can
text: take. He lunges after Skipper. Lawford grabs him. Phil
text: swings wildly.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You mean-assed bastard!! You son of
dialog: a bitch!! You can't do this!!! You
dialog: can't do this!!! God damn you!!
dialog: God damn you!!
text: Lawford leads Phil, struggling, below. The crew surround
text: the dead dolphin, stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. ARUBA - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: The Albatross is at anchor in the center of the harbor.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
text: Phil comes on deck from below with his duffel bag.
text: Everyone feels bad but no one knows what to say. Phil
text: turns to get a second load.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Why'd you do it?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (regretting it)
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You only hurt yourself you know?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Like you really care. Like any of
dialog: you give a shit what happens to me.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: You're the one who doesn't care,
dialog: Phil.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It hurts too much to care.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: About yourself?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: About anything.
text: Phil turns and disappears down the companionway.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: We shouldn't be putting him off the
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: The guy's out of control.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Everybody's been outta control on
dialog: this trip.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are we a crew or not? I mean, isn't
dialog: that what this is supposed to be all
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You're the last person who should be
text: whining about being a "crew".
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: How do you figure that?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well, I'd sure like to go into the
dialog: subject of vertigo and all, but I
dialog: wouldn't want you to piss yourself.
text: Robin flushes bright red. John fires a look at Mike.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're a regular prick you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Tell it to the dolphin, Goodall.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Everybody deserves a second chance,
dialog: ya know? We'd do the same for you
dialog: Mike.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It's about family isn't it? I mean
dialog: are we together on this or not?
text: There is a long pause. Mike and Chris cave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hell, do what ever you want. It
dialog: won't change anything anyway.
text: Robin exchanges a glance with Chuck and together, they
text: climb up the companionway.
scene_heading: EXT. CHART HOUSE - SAME
text: Chuck and Robin stand before the door.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I can't go in there.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What are you talking about.
text: Robin turns away, ashamed.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: The guys were right. It'll mean
dialog: nothing coming from me. He'll
dialog: listen to you Chuck. Everybody
dialog: does.
scene_heading: INT. CHART HOUSE - SAME
text: Skipper and Alice have paperwork spread out in front of
text: them. A knock.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Come.
text: Chuck enters, awkward.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What's on your mind?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm here on behalf of the crew, sir.
text: Skipper looks up.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Well, spit it out.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The fact is... We'd like you to give
dialog: Phil another chance.
text: Alice raises her eyebrows, surprised.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Can't do it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sir...?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Close the door. Sit down.
text: Chuck does as he is told.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Why do you think I'm sending him
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: He killed the dolphin.
text: Skipper looks at Chuck for a moment.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: The Dolphin was a symptom.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Of a fight he can't win out here.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's his father sir. He's
dialog: suffocating him. We've all seen
dialog: it...
text: Suddenly it's as if Chuck is talking about his own life.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I mean he has all these expectations
dialog: and he doesn't even know who his own
dialog: kid is. What right did then have to
dialog: show up here?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: They have every right Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They send us because they want us to
dialog: change, or grow up or something and
dialog: then they try to keep us the same.
text: Skipper sits up and studies Chuck for a moment.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Let me tell you something about
dialog: Phil's father, and your's too. How
dialog: do you think you got here? You
dialog: think this is all free, that they
dialog: owe you something? You think they
dialog: enjoy riding subways and commuter
dialog: trains, driving buses or pulling
dialog: lobster traps? Work fifty weeks a
dialog: year to keep you in tennis shoes and
dialog: private school? Look around at how
text: the rest of the world lives Chuck.
dialog: We're the luckiest people alive,
dialog: every one of us. They gave it up
dialog: for you and Phil, and me too my
dialog: friend.
text: Chuck chews on it.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: There are ground rules in families
dialog: just like on this boat. If you and
dialog: Phil don't like it, I'm sorry.
dialog: Someday you'll understand that, and
dialog: if you're lucky, you'll come home
dialog: and find your best friend has been
dialog: there all along waiting for you to
dialog: forgive him for being a father.
dialog: It'll be the way it used to be,
dialog: when you were ten and your dad was a
dialog: giant.
text: Now it's Skipper who is talking about himself.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Does Phil know how you guys feel?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: You should tell him. That's
text: something he can take with him.
text: Chuck nods and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. CHART HOUSE - SAME
text: As Chuck exits he meets Robin's eyes. He shakes his head.
scene_heading: INT. CHART HOUSE - SAME
text: Skipper returns to his paperwork but can feel Alice
text: watching him. He senses it.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I'm all ears.
text: Alice smiles.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You may not like what you hear.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I can take it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: They've become what you wanted.
dialog: They're a crew. That's why he came.
text: Skipper puts a loving hand on Alice's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Why did we begin this?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We were idealists.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Because we believed we could make an
dialog: impact out here. Self reliance and
dialog: community through the disciplines of
dialog: sailing.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I haven't forgotten.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: Phil, he's not looking inside. He's
text: just striking out at the world.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: He has a lot of hurt inside him.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Well, he better learn to own it.
dialog: Actions have consequences.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's not what happens here Alice,
dialog: it's what they take away with them.
text: Alice runs her hands across his face.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You're still an idealist.
text: Skipper turns and slips into her arms.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Oh hell...
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: Phil is in the long boat with Skipper, ready to shove off.
text: Tension is high. It's as though they're all waiting for
text: Skipper to give Phil a reprieve. But, it's not coming.
text: They mumble goodbyes. Terry and Rick pass down Phil's
dialog: bags.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Good luck.
text: Phil nods and turns to Skipper.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'm ready.
text: Skipper starts to pull the oars to make the crossing to
text: the dock as the crew watches them go. Robin turns,
text: staring at the ships bell.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - SAME
text: Skipper ties off the boat and Phil hands up his bags. A
text: black limousine waits, brooding. Phil climbs up with
text: Skipper and stands, stares at it. The back door opens,
text: but nobody gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - SAME
text: The crew stand, watching.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: His ol' man's gonna eat him for
dialog: lunch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know what that's like.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Then, suddenly...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My god...
text: All stares aloft. In the rigging, climbing up the mast,
text: is Robin. With the ships bell in his teeth, he is
text: sweating every rung. Perspiration glistens on his brow.
text: The crew watches, transfixed as he fights his way towards
text: the foretop.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - SAME
text: Phil turns to Skipper. Working up some courage to say
dialog: something, anything. But all that comes out is...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: A pause between them.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I know, Phil.
text: Skipper extends a hand and they shake. Phil is about to
text: turn, when a familiar sound draws their attention.
scene_heading: EXT. FORETOP - SAME
text: Robin, holding on for dear life at the top of the mast,
text: rings the ships bell triumphantly over his head, waving to
text: Phil. Victorious. Ding ding! Ding ding! Ding ding!
text: The crew begin to cheer.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - SAME
text: Phil stares back, fighting his emotions. Slowly he raises
text: his hand in a single wave of acknowledgement. The ringing
text: stops as his eyes meet Robin's. Waves back. Skipper
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: They never gave up on you, you know.
text: Phil chews on it. Then...
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Tell 'em I said... thanks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Goodbye Skipper.
speaker_heading: ROBIN'S POV
text: Robin watches as the limo pulls away. He rings the bell
text: wildly. The crew below wave in a show of silent protest.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
text: As Robin rang him out, we waved in
dialog: silent protest against Skipper's
dialog: decision. And in the days that
dialog: followed the low morale was matched
text: only by a sense of arrogance that
dialog: perhaps the master should step down
text: and let his students take over.
speaker_heading: AERIAL SHOT
text: Robin, the Albatross and the drama unfolding below spin
text: slowly away as we climb, turning, higher and higher.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: Foam sprays from her bow as the Albatross slices through
text: the swells.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - SAME
text: Tod exits the head with a worried look on his face. He
text: grabs Chuck by the arm and pulls him aside. Morale is
text: extremely low.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Listen man, I think I have a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We all have problems.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I'm pissin' fire man.
text: Chuck reacts.
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER'S CABIN - DAY
text: Tight on Alice. Pull back to reveal Tod standing in front
text: of her with his shorts down around his ankles. Mortified.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Have a nice time in Curacao, did you
dialog: Tod?
text: Alice gets up and moves to her medicine chest. Tod starts
text: to pull up his shorts.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Not so fast.
text: She pulls out a menacingly large looking hypodermic
text: needle. Tod's embarrassment turns to alarm.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - LATER
text: The crew stand in line, pissed. Lawford and George man
text: the deck with Skipper and exchange amused looks. The door
text: opens and Chris exits, red faced, rubbing his backside.
text: He glares at Tod who sits on the paint locker.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Way-ta-go Valentino. I never even
text: copped a feel in Curacao.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Yeah well, your sexual orientation
dialog: is not my problem.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Man, is there a social disease you
dialog: haven't had?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So much for vestal virgins.
text: Lawford swings up a pair of binoculars. A vessel under
text: power is coming up fast behind them. He holds the binocs
text: out to Skipper.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: What do you make of that?
text: Skipper turns and looks.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I don't know.
text: The ship pulls along the port side, keeping a couple
text: hundred yards between them. The boys move to the rail.
text: George sees them first.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Jesus. She's got guns.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: She's Cuban.
text: Everyone becomes alarmed. Even Alice looks concerned.
text: Suddenly a puff of smoke discharges from the gun boat.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (shouting)
text: GET DOWN! EVERYBODY DOWN!!
text: The entire crew hit the deck as a shell rockets across the
text: bow exploding in the water.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Jesus, we're Americans!!! We're
dialog: Americans!!!
text: Skipper grabs the American flag and starts waving it.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Jesus, they're gonna sink us!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Bill drop everything. Do it now!
text: The crew scrambles for the rigging, frantically dropping
dialog: sail.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (hitting each word)
dialog: Who the hell do they think they are?
text: As the sail comes down, the Albatross slows to a stop.
text: The Cubans inch closer and begin speaking over a loud
text: speaker in Spanish. The seas are high and the two ships
text: rise and fall with the large swells between them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: They want us to identify ourselves.
text: Chuck returns with a bull horn.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Tell them we're the American School
dialog: Ship, Albatross.
text: George replies in Spanish over the bull horn. The Cubans
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: They think we're carrying Cuban
dialog: refugees.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Skipper, they mean to board us.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Not a chance. Remind them that
dialog: according to the Geneva Convention,
text: firing on a civilian vessel on the
text: high sea is an act of war.
text: Another exchange between George and the Cubans. The crew
text: lay flat on the deck, terrified.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: They say they are acting on the
dialog: direct authority of Fidel Castro.
text: Skipper defiantly swings up onto the gunnel rail. The
text: Cuban Captain gives an order and one of his sailors jumps
text: into the turret of the anti aircraft guns and swivels
text: around pointing both barrels at the Albatross. Skipper
text: stands firm, between the shrouds. Silence. A standoff.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Tell 'em to come aboard.
text: George sends the return message. There is a pause, then
text: the murmurs of the relieved crew. Skipper swings down but
text: never takes his eyes off the gunboat.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (to crew)
dialog: We've come a long way gentlemen.
dialog: But this is no time for heroes. I
dialog: know you're much more, but I need you
dialog: to be boys right now. That's an
dialog: order. Now scatter and find your
dialog: passports.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY
text: Laundry, books and mementos go flying as each boy
text: scrambles to dig up his passport. Terry sits among his
text: things, dazed. Bill notices.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What's wrong?
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: A small launch filled with Cuban soldiers approaches the
text: Albatross. The crew climb on deck and line up along the
text: Chart House with their passports. Lawford walks up to
dialog: Skipper.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: We've got a problem.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
text: Terry left his passport in Curacao.
dialog: We could hide him...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: No. Bring him on deck with the
dialog: others.
text: The Cubans cast their lines up and climb aboard carrying
text: side arms. Terry reluctantly joins his crew mates. The
text: COMMANDING OFFICER faces Skipper as his men go down the
text: line checking the passports. Others search the ship.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Chicken is a fool's game captain.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: So is violating international law.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: But you invited is aboard.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Your cannons made a compelling
dialog: argument.
text: One of the Cubans pulls Terry out of line and brings him
text: forward. He alerts the Commander in Spanish.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Stow away?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: He left his passport in Curacao.
dialog: It's being mailed to Panama.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: That is unfortunate. We'll have to
dialog: take him with us.
text: Terry is petrified.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: If he's a Cuban, Castro wears a
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Nobody aboard my ship is going
dialog: anywhere.
text: Skipper stares him down. The Commander signals to one of
text: his men who disappears into the Chart House.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Perhaps in appreciation for our
dialog: country's pursuit of peace, you
dialog: might offer us some, token of
dialog: gratitude.
dialog: Skipper doesn't really have a choice.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: What do you want?
text: The Cuban returns from the Chart House with the Ships
text: sextant and hands it to the Commander.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: This. And...
text: Pointing to the ships compass.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: ... and that.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You've got to be kidding!!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Take it.
text: Without hesitation the Cubans pull the large brass compass
text: from its base.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Now, get the hell off my ship.
text: As they leave the ship, they pause. The Commander looks
text: back at the Skipper, then deliberately drops both sextant
text: and compass into the sea.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: You'll really have something to
dialog: teach your students now.
text: Skipper stands towering above them. The Cuban captain
text: smiles up at him. Amazingly, Skipper addresses him in
dialog: perfect Spanish.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Las estrellas es lo unico, que un
dialog: marinero verdadero se mesesita para
dialog: encontrarse. Verdade Patron?
text: The Cubans stare back, frowning, amazed as they motor
dialog: away.
text: The crew are stunned by what they have just witnessed.
text: Skipper turns and meets the eyes of admiration, humility
text: and complete respect. He joins Alice at the helm. They
text: linger for a moment.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What'd he say?
text: George smiles, impressed as well.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He told them real sailors need only
dialog: the stars.
text: With a new attitude, they turn to Skipper.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Alright then, let's get outta here.
text: The crew bolt to there positions.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: With staff and string he showed us
dialog: how to build a sextant. As we rode
dialog: the trades, he shared the ancient
dialog: secrets of how to read the waves and
dialog: follow stars. And some mornings
text: later, bathed in the orange glow of
text: a sunrise, Panama rose from the sea
text: like a phoenix.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - PANAMA CANAL - DAY
text: Panama appears on the horizon. The Albatross is dwarfed
text: by the huge freighters moored around her, as she moves
text: through the locks. The crew stand on deck in quiet
text: reverence.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - NIGHT
text: The sounds of slumber fill the cabin. All seems well with
text: the world. Suddenly, silhouettes in the darkness. A huge
text: bearded figure stands in the center of the cabin with a
text: trident in his hand.
text: Chuck wakes with a start. He bolts upright to see the
text: horrible figure of NEPTUNE himself (Lawford) towering
text: before him. He tries to scream, but hands cover his
text: mouth. He is dragged, struggling, up the companionway.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - NIGHT
text: The Albatross has been transformed into a ghost ship.
text: Where the sails once were, only shredded fabric. All of
text: the crew have been brought on deck. Powdered faces glow,
dialog: surreal.
text: John's head has been shaved into a mohawk. Robin, Rick
text: and Chris have been reduced to crew cuts. The shears
text: start over Chuck's head. Neptune and his sidekick, DAVEY
text: JONES (George) and two MERMAIDS (Bill and Alice) emerge
text: with the rest of the crew.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
dialog: Hold fast that polliwog and make him
dialog: presentable.
text: Chuck struggles as his hair is shaved away and face
text: powdered.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
dialog: Let it be known that on this day in
dialog: the year nineteen hundred and sixty-
dialog: one there appeared within the limits
dialog: of my royal kingdom, the sailing
text: ship brigantine Albatross, bound for
dialog: Galapagos. All vessels that sail my
dialog: domain shall be subject to the
dialog: scrutiny of the underworld...
text: Terry is brought topside kicking and screaming.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
dialog: Silence!!!
text: Terry shuts up and succumbs to the same fate as the rest.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
dialog: Tonight you shall all enter the
dialog: Order of the Shellbacks. Only when
dialog: you have been duly initiated shall
dialog: you enjoy the mysteries and
dialog: protection of the trident. So, let
dialog: the festivities begin...
scene_heading: EXT. HELM - NIGHT
text: Neptune and his court sit smoking Havana cigars as each
text: member of the crew present themselves. Robin dressed like
text: a pig and crawls around snorting.
text: John's an Indian brave, whooping and hollering as he does
text: a rain dance. Chuck, with flippers on his hands and feet,
text: hops around like a frog. Rick is in 'drag' as Neptune's
text: girlfriend and must sing everything he says. Charlie is
text: dressed like a sloth and slithers along the deck.
text: Frenetic chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - LATER
text: Neptune and his court lead a procession around the
text: perimeter of the deck. The crew follows. They stamp
text: their feet and chant.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!
dialog: Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!!
dialog: Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!!
text: They move faster and faster around the boat. They shout
text: louder and louder, faster and faster until they have all
text: worked themselves into a frenzy.
scene_heading: EXT. BOW - DAWN
text: Davey Jones, holds a large turtle shell over the crews
text: heads. As each one passes before him he pours blood from
text: the turtle shell onto their heads. It runs down,
text: streaking their floured faces and necks. As the ritual
text: progresses, Neptune speaks.
speaker_heading: NEPTUNE
dialog: By virtue of the power inherited by
dialog: me, I do hereby command all of my
dialog: subjects, such as mermaids, sea
text: serpents, dolphins, whales, sharks
text: and turtles, from eating, playing
dialog: with, or otherwise molesting this
dialog: vessel or her crew. Let it be
dialog: remembered that on this, my
dialog: Equatorial Domain on Longitude 88'
dialog: 20' 13" on this 532nd in the year of
dialog: the dolphin, you entered the Order
dialog: of the Shellbacks!!
text: The crew cheer and embrace. Skipper calls from the wheel.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Land ho!
scene_heading: EXT. GALAPAGOS ISLANDS - DAY
text: The crew stop their celebrating and gather at the port
text: bow. Ahead, glowing orange with the dawn, the islands of
text: Galapagos. It's desolate landscape of silent volcanoes
text: and ancient lava flows that spill into the sea.
text: The faces of the boys, still streaked with the indignities
text: of the night's ordeal, stand silently before their final
dialog: destination.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: We had journeyed over six thousand
text: miles to the very edge of the earth.
dialog: Like Darwin before us, we would
dialog: witness the bliss of nature in the
dialog: absence of man. And it was as if
dialog: the Albatross had forded time,
text: leaving it behind. In the heat of
dialog: those equatorial days, on the virgin
text: onyx beaches and shifting coral
dialog: dunes, one could expect to find
text: sunning iguanas, nesting frigates
dialog: and perchance... the footprints of
dialog: God.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SHIPWRECK BAY - DAY
text: The Albatross rests at anchor. On the beach, the crew
text: watch a huge group of penguins dive and frolic from the
text: ancient guano cliffs. So unaccustomed are these creatures
dialog: to man, that they have no fear.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAY
text: Chuck, John and Rick snorkel among the playful SEA LIONS.
text: They dart and swim like otters among their new human
dialog: friends.
scene_heading: EXT. LAVA OUTCROPPING - DAY
text: Terry, Chris, Chuck and Mike stand taking notes on exotic
text: birds. Frigates, hawks, flamingos, pelicans, boobies, and
dialog: of course... albatrosses.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - DAY
text: The crew are sprawled across the deck taking final exams.
text: Alice walks among them. Chuck throws an anxious look
text: towards John who is buried in his test.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY LOWLANDS - DAY
text: Boobies nest in the grass. Thousands of them and
text: amazingly, the crew can walk among them without them
text: batting an eye. Chuck and Robin watch as the iguanas
text: sneak into unattended nests and steal eggs.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - DAY
text: Chuck is alone gazing over the shoreline. A huge flock of
text: finches darken the sky, circling the black sand beach.
dialog: Pure magic.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Beyond, the anchored Albatross rocks and bounces in a
text: blue-sky gale. Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod
text: stand by a dory watching the sea build. They wear only
text: tattered shorts, their hair sun bleached and their skin
text: dark.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: We're here for the night.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKS - SAME
text: Tight. The eyes of predators. Sharp, cunning, hungry.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SAND BEACH - DAY
text: A lone wild goat grazes on the beach. It looks up,
text: sensing something, unfamiliar, then, returns to it's
dialog: grazing.
text: Tight. Thundering bare feet on the black sand.
text: The goat looks up again, this time it sees five
text: Homosapiens bearing down on him. They come naked,
text: swinging their shredded clothing above their heads like
text: lassos. Shouting, whooping, primal. The goat bolts for
dialog: its life.
text: Pounding through the waterline like the wild horses of
text: Sable, the hunters charge after the hunted, closing. The
text: goat's eyes are full of a terror it has never known.
text: The beach is broad and long with no cover. The hunters
text: are gaining on the goat. Splashing feet pound closer...
text: Suddenly they are upon the goat. But, instead of
text: attacking it, they just run through it, passing it. The
text: goat pulls up and stops, breathless, watching the naked
text: humans run.
text: Close on the faces of brothers, matching each other, step
text: for step. The music builds as we...
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Wild eyes behind the charcoal painted masks of primal man.
text: The rhythmic beat of sticks clacking and voices chanting.
text: The heaping of driftwood into piles. Taught and powerful,
text: the glistening bodies of young men.
text: Blue sparks leap from striking flint against stone. A
text: flame is born. Voices howl in guttural triumph.
text: As the flames leap and singe the darkness, silhouettes of
text: men pound the sand and cry out in a ritualistic dance.
text: The goat watches from the shadows, bemused, as the dance
text: builds to a frenzy. The night sky is filled with the
text: building sound of raging fire, pounding surf and chanting
dialog: voices.
scene_heading: EXT. ALBATROSS - SAME
text: The wind carries the sounds of ceremony across the water.
text: The flames from the beach reflect off of the water turning
text: the white hull of the ship, a deep flickering orange. The
scene_heading: word A-L-B-A-T-R-O-S-S has been spelled in huge flaming
text: letters. Alice joins Skipper at his place by the rail
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Claiming their place in the world.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORELINE - DAWN
text: The white surf hisses as it washes among the cinders of
text: the evenings ritual. The Galapagos have been returned,
text: for now, to the frigates and the iguanas.
text: Across the water against the rising sun, the Albatross,
text: under full sail, is bound for home.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
text: The crew stand at their posts. The yards and foretop are
text: trimmed with sailors, their faces taught and their bodies
text: hard. No one looks back.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - PANAMA CANAL - DAY
text: Alice steps onto the deck from the chart house with papers
text: in her hands.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well gentlemen, I have the results
dialog: of your college board scores. I
dialog: think most of you will be pleased.
text: The crew members collect their exams. Chuck notices John
text: at the bow, alone, lost.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. How'd you do.
text: Chuck looks down at his exam apprehensively.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Ninety-six.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What about you?
text: John slowly passes his test to Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's a ninety-one! It's an 'A'!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You know? Then why are you up here
dialog: looking like you're about to jump
dialog: overboard?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I just can't believe it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This is your moment, don't you see?
dialog: The instant when you know that your
dialog: life is never going to be the same
dialog: again. When you stand up and are
dialog: counted.
text: John tries to choke back his emotions.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I couldn't have done it without you.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes you could. You did.
dialog: (holding up the
dialog: exam)
dialog: This is all you. Nobody else.
text: John looks out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Chuck smiles and joins John's gaze over the water.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Feels different doesn't it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That we're going back. I don't want
dialog: it to end. I don't want to be what
dialog: I was when I left.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Anonymous.
text: Chuck looks at his test grimacing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I've been getting ninety-sixes my
dialog: whole life. It's what they expect.
dialog: After all this, I still haven't
dialog: figured it out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Figured what out?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who I am, outside of this boat.
dialog: What the hell I'm doing here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll tell you who you are. You're
dialog: the glue. You're the thing that
dialog: holds everybody around you together.
dialog: You're strong, you listen and you
dialog: see things in people the rest of us
dialog: can't. It's a gift.
text: It's Chuck's turn to fight emotion.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You know, I never had friends like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Me either.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I feel like... we can do anything.
text: John smiles, clutching his exam.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We can.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: In the fading hours of that Pacific
text: dusk, with nothing left to confess,
dialog: for the first time we felt safe,
dialog: capable, sure of who we were and
dialog: where we were going.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - DAWN
text: The crew sleep in their bunks. Lawford's voice rumbles
text: down the companionway.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
text: A wet sheet and a flowing sea/ A
dialog: wind that follows fast, And fills
text: the white and rushing sail, And
dialog: bends the gallant mast/ Arise, arise
dialog: you salty dogs. The watch is on.
text: Chuck, Tom, John, Terry and Tod roll out. The dumb waiter
text: clatters down from the galley with the morning's
text: breakfast. Skipper and some of the crew are already
dialog: eating.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - DAY
text: The Albatross is under full sail trying to take advantage
text: of what little wind there is. The skies are gray and
text: dank. Tod and Terry are at the helm. Chuck and John are
text: amid ship. John relieves Bill on the forward watch.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Looks like we're gonna get wet.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Well, we need it. I want to take a
dialog: nice long bath and catch some water
dialog: for my laundry.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Save some for me will you?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You got it. I'm going below.
text: Suddenly, a huge lightning bolt explodes out of the sky
text: and strikes the water a hundred feet off of the starboard
text: beam. Everyone jumps.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Jesus!!
text: Skipper bolts onto the deck.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Everybody okay?
text: The crew nod sheepishly. A very close call.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: All hands keep out of the rigging
dialog: and stay clear of the masts.
text: The clouds grow dark but no more lighting. Tod laughs
text: nervously. Everybody joins in. It's contagious. Even
text: Skipper manages a smile.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: All right gentlemen. Thor's had his
dialog: fun. Let's keep a keen eye.
text: Skipper starts back into the chart house when suddenly, a
text: powerful gust of wind drives the ship hard to a 45 degree
text: list to the starboard. Skipper stops and turns.
text: Instinctively, John and Chuck spring for the rigging to
dialog: drop sail.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No! Stay down!!
text: Skipper stares at the sky with the intensity of a cobra.
text: Waiting. The wind eases. It becomes eerily still. The
text: ship slows and the sails go slack. Silence. Skipper
text: maintains his vigil.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WATER
text: Foam and spray appear off of the tops of the swells like
text: the invisible footprint of a locomotive. John sees it
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: HERE IT COMES!!!
text: Everybody turns and looks. Skipper's eyes suddenly widen
text: as he realizes...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: White Squall!
text: The charging wall of wind slams into the topsails so hard
text: it send a shudder throughout the ship. The wheel is
text: nearly ripped out of Tod's hands. Instinctively, he tries
text: to turn the ship into the wind.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Hard to starboard!!! Hard to
dialog: starboard!!!
text: Confused, panicked, Tod keeps turning to the left, into
text: the wind. Skipper struggles to get to the wheel but when
text: the ship heals so badly he slides sideways across the
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: No, hard to port!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: TURN THE GOD DAMNED WHEEL TO THE
dialog: RIGHT!!!
text: Finally, Tod does as he is told. But as soon as the ship
text: starts to come about, the vicious wind drives her further
text: onto her side. As the deck becomes vertical Chuck half
text: slips, half tumbles down to the starboard gunnel.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SAME
text: Robin, Chris, Bill, Mike and Rick are seated at the table
text: finishing breakfast as the ship starts to go. They all
text: share growing alarm as they watch the table reach it's
text: maximum angle. Dishes start sliding off.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Get out!! Everybody out!!
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
text: Skipper manages to grab the ax mounted on the chart house
text: and cuts the mainsheet with a single blow. But it's too
text: late. The tall masts plunge into the ocean and the sails
text: scoop tons of sea water, pinning the Albatross on her
dialog: side.
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER'S CABIN - SAME
text: Alice struggles towards the door. The book case tears out
text: of the wall and strikes her. She drops to her knees. The
text: door swings open in front of her. She reels for a moment
text: and then loses consciousness.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD COMPARTMENT - SAME
text: Lawford, Charlie and George are all hurled out of their
text: bunks. The world is suddenly sideways. Lawford leaps up,
text: pushing the others towards the companionway ladder.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
text: GO, GO, GO!!! TOPSIDE!!! Come on
dialog: Charlie! George, get them out!!
text: George disappears into the main cabin. Lawford manages to
text: get Charlie out. As Lawford reaches the top of the ladder
text: sea water explodes through the hatch and drives him back
text: into the bowels of the ship.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SAME
text: Robin is through the companionway in the chart house with
text: Mike right behind him. But instead of exiting, he holds
text: the door open against the sea so that Mike can escape.
text: Mike gets through the door before the rushing sea slams it
text: closed, pinning Robin's arm. He struggles to push
dialog: through.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
text: John slashes at the lines securing the starboard lifeboat
text: with his knife and manages to free it before it is dragged
text: to the bottom. He scrambles through the collapsed rigging
text: tangled above him for the port lifeboat.
scene_heading: AT THE STERN
text: The Albatross is going down. Fast. Chuck and Tod stand
text: on the after skylight. Chuck catches glimpses of the
text: struggle going on below.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My God, they're drowning!
text: Skipper catches a glimpse of Alice through the skylight.
text: Water washes over her but she doesn't move.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Oh please, no. Not this woman.
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER'S CABIN - SAME
text: Skipper's face is pressed hard against the skylight. His
text: muffled voice penetrates the cabin. Alice stirs. She
text: looks around, delirious.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Alice, get up!! Come on girl!!
text: He pounds uselessly on the teak deck then tears at the
text: planks, fingers bleeding. Alice looks up confused but
text: calm and finds Skipper's eyes.
text: ON THE DECK
text: Panicked for the first time in his life Slipper swings the
text: ax wildly at the perpendicular deck sending a shower of
text: splinters into the water.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Get out!! Get out!! Jesus Christ,
dialog: please God, Alice get out!!!
text: But after only two swings, the Albatross and Alice, slip
text: beneath the sea.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN - SAME
text: Water thunders in from every possible exit. Chris and
text: Rick push Bill towards the dumbwaiter.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Bill, you go. We'll be right behind
dialog: you.
text: Before he can say no, Rick and Chris jam Bill into the
text: tiny shaft. Suddenly, from below, a tremendous geyser
text: smashes him to the top, knocking him unconscious. But the
text: pressure is so great that the water sweeps him through the
text: galley and out onto the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - SAME
text: Skipper struggles to reach John and the second life boat
text: but sees that it is tangled in the rigging.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Johnny, it's not good.
text: John defies him and keeps cutting. The ship is almost
text: completely submerged.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I can get it!
text: Suddenly one of the deck lockers breaks free and plunges
text: into the water taking lines and rope with it. John
text: becomes tangled and is dragged into the water. Only his
text: superior strength allows him to hold onto the lifeboat and
dialog: keep cutting.
text: The Albatross slips beneath the surface. Instead of
text: trying to free himself John keeps slashing at the lifeboat
text: lines as he disappears, swallowed by the sea.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD COMPARTMENT - SAME
text: Eerie silence. Lawford is trapped in an tiny air pocket.
text: Debris float around. He begins to panic as the water
text: around him rises.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
dialog: My God!! Oh God I'm dying!!!
text: He takes a deep breath and the water consumes him. Then
text: suddenly, the ceiling above him explodes from the pressure
dialog: within.
text: ON THE SURFACE
text: Lawford is catapulted from the grip of death, to the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE - SAME
text: Chuck continues to frantically dive on the chart house
text: door as the ship takes the 'Deep Six'. Suddenly the ship
text: rolls 180 degrees, her screws exposed and keel jutting up
text: like a huge dorsal fin.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - SAME
text: Chuck feels the ship coming down on top of him but still
text: finds Robin's arm. They clasp tightly, but Chuck just
text: can't budge the door. Then, strangely, Robin releases
text: Chuck's arm and pulls it back through the door. Chuck
text: looks up, startled. The small round window in the door is
text: illuminated from the cabin lights on the inside.
text: Through the glass, Chuck meets Robin's frightened eyes.
text: He fights to stay in a shrinking air pocket. Robin takes
text: a last gulp of air then, a calm comes over him.
text: He meets Chuck's eyes again but this time with a strange
text: acceptance. They both know what's happening. But Robin
text: has refused to take his friend to the bottom with him. He
text: presses his hand to the glass. Chuck does the same. Then
text: with a smile, Robin pushes himself away from the door,
text: disappearing into the darkness and eternity.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE - SAME
text: Chuck breaks the surface, gasping for air. He looks
text: around, frantic. He sees nothing but the sea swells and
text: debris. All that remains is the sound of the wind and
text: rain on the water.
text: Suddenly, beneath him, a massive rumbling and explosion of
text: foam. Then, the tops of twin masts rise out of the water
text: like shattered lances as the ship rights herself
text: underwater. She holds herself steady for a moment as if
text: in a final attempt at resurrection, the Albatross begins
text: to rise. Faster and faster, until her entire length
text: explodes out of the water in a mountain of foam and wave.
text: ON THE DECK
text: Like Ahab before him, John appears, lashed in a web of
text: tangled line still slashing to free the remaining long
dialog: boat.
text: And for a moment, it looks as if she might stay there, as
dialog: if this were just a final surreal lesson of the sea. Some
text: of the boys begin to cheer prematurely. But Skipper knows
text: better. She's filled to the gills with sea water.
text: She shutters. Then, like a stone, she just drops, sucked
text: to the center of the earth, John's hands still slashing,
text: as she finally goes.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: Survivors hanging onto the debris that floats in the
text: watery tempest. Strangely, the wind subsides. The sea
text: becomes calm and a stunned silence falls over those in the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: OH GOD!!!!!
text: His scream echoes, for the grief of all.
text: ON THE SURFACE
text: There is an explosion of bubbles, and then she slips
text: beneath the waves like a stone. The stunned crew can only
dialog: watch.
text: Then, as if by magic, the second life boat erupts to the
dialog: surface.
text: Skipper fights off his emotions. He knows what it means.
dialog: John died cutting it free.
text: Terry and Bill hang onto a life ring. Blood runs from
text: Bill's head. Charlie, Mike and several others hold onto
text: the side of the other freed life boat which has been
text: swamped. Lawford floats on his back, unconscious, but
text: alive. Several of the boys help pull him towards the
dialog: boat.
text: Skipper swims to the second boat, desperately looking for
text: those not accounted for. But, they are gone.
text: Among the wreckage, the roof of the chart house. The only
text: sound left is the ominous tolling of the ship's bell,
text: Robin's bell, still secure in it's fitting.
scene_heading: EXT. LIFE BOAT - DAY
text: The boats have been floated and tied together. Skipper is
text: in one, Lawford in the other. One of the two boats has
text: been rigged with sail. Skipper stands in the bow staring
text: into the ink blue water.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Raise your sail, Bill. North, north-
dialog: east. Keep a sharp look out for
dialog: Florida.
text: Bill studies him for a moment, then...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Maybe we could wait around a little
dialog: longer, sir...
text: There is a long pause before Skipper answers.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (quietly)
text: She's gone... She's gone.
dialog: There is something remarkably touching about this young
text: man trying to take care of him. He puts a hand on
text: Skipper's shoulder. It almost makes him crack. He pats
text: Bill's hand gently.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Carry on.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: North, north-east.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And Dick, please make a note of our
dialog: final position.
text: Lawford nods sullenly. Chuck looks out at the floating
text: wreckage around them, silent, lost.
text: Suddenly, there is a 'thump' on the hull of the boat. The
text: survivors share a confused look. Then it comes again.
text: Chuck looks out at the surface of the water. It's
text: suddenly alive... With sharks.
speaker_heading: LAWFORD
text: Hands and feet inside the boats.
text: They come by the dozens. Ramming the boats and rummaging
text: through the debris. They swarm around the boats until it
text: seems as if the water is boiling. Chuck picks up an oar
text: and starts beating wildly at the sharks.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: AAAAHHHH!!!!
text: The others take up the cause and in a moment they are all
text: screaming and cursing the sharks. It's a frenzy of grief
dialog: and anger.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
text: We slashed at the sharks as if
text: striking out at the finger of God.
dialog: And we all begged silently for the
dialog: ability to understand what had
dialog: happened. But, if there was a God
dialog: that day, his answer came only in
dialog: the moaning wind and our questions
text: were left to drift unanswered, in
dialog: the titanic ocean of our deepest
dialog: grief.
text: Exhausted, Chuck stops slashing and stares out. lost.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Wake up. Wake up. 1-2-3 wake up.
text: Like Robin's nightmare of his brother, this is all too
dialog: real.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The tramp freighter GRAN RIO steams toward the life boats.
text: The crew stand silently, watching as the ship approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - DAY
text: Chuck stands on the deck of the Gran Rio as the last of
text: the crew scramble up cargo netting hung over the side.
text: Chuck stares out numbly watching as the two deserted long
text: boats drift away.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - GRAN RIO - DAY
text: Chuck, now dressed, stands in the same spot at the rail,
text: staring out. A muffled sound pulls Chuck into the
text: present. He walks slowly down the after deck to a cabin
text: door where sobbing escapes from the other side. Chuck
text: turns the handle and cracks the door.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - SAME
text: Curled up on the floor next to his bunk is Skipper. A
text: look of shock comes over Chuck's face. Skipper has come
text: completely unglued, sobbing deeply.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: Skipper?
text: Skipper turns slowly, looking up. His eyes are red and
text: his face streaked with tears. He looks at Chuck almost as
text: if he doesn't know who he is. Lost.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
text: Chuck reels. It sounds more like a confession than an
text: outpouring of sadness. Chuck closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - TAMPA FLORIDA - DAY
text: Skipper, back in control, and the crew, stand along the
text: port rail of the Gran Rio. A small flotilla of pleasure
text: boats surround the ship and hundreds of people line the
text: pier. It's an intimidating sight.
speaker_heading: ON THE PIER
text: Pensive, worried, angry faces of parents and families.
text: Chaos. Coast Guard Officials try to hold back the mob.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What about the manifest!! What
dialog: about my son!!!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: How many made it? Nobody will tell
dialog: us anything!!
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: We don't have a list of survivors
dialog: yet. Please stand back. Don't
dialog: push!
text: Angry shouts drown him out.
text: ON THE DECK
text: The CAPTAIN of the Gran Rio comes down from the bridge
text: with some of his officers and stand with Skipper and the
text: others. Several COAST GUARD OFFICERS join them on the
dialog: deck.
text: Skipper turns to the Captain and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Captain nods. Skipper turns to his crew, looking over
text: them. A smile of deep pride passes his lips. They all
text: see it. Then, between the Coast Guard Officers, he walks
text: down the ramp. Lawford and the crew fall in behind.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - SAME
text: A shouting mob waits for them. Reporters and spectators
text: shout and call out questions. It reaches a fever pitch as
text: the crew descend. Skipper reaches the bottom of the ramp,
text: his eyes meet a cool, familiar face. Francis Boutillier.
text: Phil stands next to him, staring at the ground.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (above the shouting)
dialog: Welcome home.
text: Skipper is shoved forward by the crowd pushing and
text: shoving. The crew follow but are swept away. Charlie
text: stops in front of Phil.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Phil?
text: Flash bulbs explode. Charlie and the others are descended
text: upon as reporters bark out questions.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: What the hell happened out there
dialog: captain?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: How many boys did you lose...? And
dialog: how come you didn't go down with
dialog: your ship?
text: Parents begin to realize who has been lost. Agonizing
text: cries mix with jubilation. It's emotional chaos. The
text: crew members are driven apart, they call to each other,
text: suddenly aware of what's happening.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Charlie!! Bill!!
text: Terry suddenly finds himself smothered in the arms of his
text: MOTHER. He strains to see what is happening to his
dialog: shipmates.
scene_heading: TERRY'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh, sweetheart! Look at you...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Skipper!!
text: Reporters corner them blocking his view. More reporters
text: clamor after Skipper, who doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Captain, is it true that the ship was
dialog: hit by a "White Squall"?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Is it true the first mate is only
dialog: fifteen?
text: Bill steps in between them.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It wasn't his fault mister...
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: The National Weather Service says
dialog: "White Squalls" are a meteorological
dialog: phenomenon of the imagination.
dialog: Would you care to comment of that?
dialog: Don't you have anything to say to
dialog: these parents?!!
text: The reporter pops a flash picture in Skipper's face.
text: Skipper flies around and knocks the camera to the ground.
text: The reporter jumps back, startled.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yes I do. And it's private. Very
dialog: private.
text: Skipper is swept away towards the CUSTOMS BOOTH by COAST
text: GUARD OFFICERS. Skipper surrenders the manifest and it is
text: stapled to the outside of the door.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS HUT - SAME
text: Skipper is whisked inside. The Coast Guard Officers lock
text: the doors behind them.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Sit down Captain. We'll have a car
dialog: here in a few minutes. Can I get
dialog: you a cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Skipper sits. The wails of family members can be heard as
text: they see the list outside. Flash bulbs and faces press
text: against the windows shouting questions. He just stares at
text: the floor.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: From above we can see the group swarm around the the booth
text: like angry hornets. The crew are fractured and pulled
text: apart from each other. Charles, fights his way through
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Chuck! Chuck!!!
text: Chuck tries to get to him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Dad!
text: They embrace. Flash bulbs explode all around them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where's Mom?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I couldn't bring her down here until
dialog: I knew you were safe.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN
text: Stands, staring at the empty ramp. Lost. A man comes up
text: behind her and leads her away.
text: A reporter shoves a microphone in Chuck's face.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #5
dialog: Was it the Skipper's fault? And is
dialog: it true drinking was permitted on
dialog: board? Why did the ship really go
dialog: down?
text: Charles grabs the guy and shoves him back into the crowd.
text: Chuck strains to see his crew mates but they have been
text: swept away.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Come on.
text: Charles puts his arm around Chuck, still barefoot, and
text: together, they walk away. Photographers trail after them,
text: popping off a few last photos. Chuck turns and looks
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. CAR MOVING - DOWNTOWN - DAY
text: A ride reminiscent of the one Chuck and his father took
text: before the journey began. There is a gulf of silence
text: between them. Charles breaks it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I thought we'd find a store, get you
dialog: fixed up and then get you some
dialog: lunch. That sound good?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, sure.
text: Chuck stares out the window at the traffic and congestion.
text: A car in front of them runs a red light. Charles slams on
text: the brakes. Chuck is shaken up. Charles notices.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm sorry, son. Are you okay?
text: Chuck manages a nod.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY
text: Lavish and conspicuous by Chuck's recent standards, the
text: store is crowded and jammed with merchandise.
text: Claustrophobic. Cash registers ring and MUZAK drifts in
text: from above. Chuck follows as Charles pulls things off of
text: hangers and piles them into Chuck's arms.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Why don't you go and try some of
dialog: that on?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Charles peruses the racks. He calls to Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How're you doing in there?
text: Chuck calls from a dressing room.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (O.S.)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: All right. I'm gonna wander over
dialog: and look at some shoes...
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - SAME
text: Chuck is curled up in the floor of the tiny booth. Still
text: dressed in the clothes from the Gran Rio, perspiration
text: beads on his skin.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Okay.
text: Tears stream down his face. He looks up and sees himself
text: in the mirror. The eyes that look back are eyes of the
text: ages. Involuntary sobs. He begins to shake. The tiny
text: booth suddenly like a crypt. Tight, with no air. Chuck
text: lets out a gasp.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh God...
text: Someone pulls open the curtain. A MAN, from the next
text: booth, fat and middle aged stands before Chuck in a pair
text: of pants still sporting the price tags. He looks down.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You okay, kid?
text: Chuck is suddenly in the throws of a full-on anxiety
text: attack. He leaps up and pushes past the man.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESSING ROOM - SAME
text: Chuck explodes out of the dressing room. Running, almost
text: blind, he crashes into a rack of clothes. Charles looks
text: up as he scrambles to his feet and bolts for the doors.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Chuck!!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: Charles bursts through the doors, looking up and down the
text: street, but Chuck is... gone.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SAME
text: The setting sun paints Chuck's face with golden light. He
text: stares out across the water. Charles walks up behind him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: When we were growing up I always
dialog: felt like you would take care of
dialog: things, that everything would be
dialog: okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you can't make this okay, can
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No, I can't.
text: Charles puts his arm around his son. Together they turn
text: and walk back towards the boardwalk, and the world.
scene_heading: INT. COAST GUARD HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Skipper sits across from a Coast Guard Officer, TYLER, 60.
text: Tyler pulls out a file and lays it on the table.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: There are allegations questioning
dialog: your competence with regard to the
dialog: command of the Albatross. I have
dialog: been instructed to convene a formal
dialog: tribunal to determine whether or not
dialog: negligence played a part in the
dialog: sinking.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: May I ask you something?
text: Skipper nods.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: How'd you manage to piss off a guy
dialog: as powerful as Francis Boutillier?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: It wasn't hard.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I used to helm a school ship. A
dialog: long time ago.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: The Coast Guard 'Eagle'. She never
dialog: lost a race while you were Skipper.
text: Tyler is taken aback by Skipper's knowledge.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That's right, we didn't. I miss it
dialog: sometimes. But, there are other
dialog: things a Skipper can do.
text: Tyler removes his glasses and studies Skipper.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: The families... want your ticket.
dialog: Turn it in, we forget the whole
dialog: thing. Everybody goes home.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: ... Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: The papers are going to eat you
dialog: alive. Even if you beat it, you'll
dialog: never get another commission.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They want someone to be accountable.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I am accountable.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Standard fare. Two beds and a T.V. Chuck's lacing a new
text: pair of sneakers. Charles is in the shower. There is a
text: knock at the door. Chuck cracks the door. It's Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We gotta talk.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The crew stand by the bulkhead. Bill tosses down a
text: newspaper. The headline reads: INVESTIGATION TO PROBE
scene_heading: SCHOOL SHIP TRAGEDY.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We're all going to have to testify.
dialog: They're going to try to take his
dialog: license.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They need it to be simple. They
dialog: need a reason.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: All of them. Everybody waiting on
dialog: that dock.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: So what are we supposed to do?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Just tell 'em what we know and be
dialog: done with it. That's what he'd
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Easy for you to say.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Everybody knows why she went over
dialog: Tod. You jibed the boat.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I was trying to get her up wind!
dialog: That's what you do when you're hit
dialog: a-beam. Or maybe you're too stupid
dialog: to know that!
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: That's not what Skipper thought. He
dialog: was trying to spill air from the
dialog: main!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It was coming four points off the
dialog: bow, Terry. He never could have
dialog: gotten her around.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Were you on deck? I was standing
dialog: right there and all I know is, he...
dialog: (indicates Tod)
dialog: ... disobeyed an order, twice, and
text: the boat went over.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: It didn't go over 'til I turned her
dialog: starboard!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It was an act of God for Christ's
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: It was an act of stupidity.
text: Tod lunges at Terry. Bill and Charlie pull them apart.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Was it my fault we were running all
dialog: that sail?! Was it my fault she
dialog: wasn't dogged down?!! HUH?!! I
dialog: couldn't help that the ballast
dialog: shifted...! You son of a bitch!!
dialog: It wasn't my fault!! it wasn't.
text: Tod breaks down, sodding on his knees.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's okay, Tod.
text: Terry drags on a cigarette, then grinds out the butt.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Then whose?
text: Tod looks up along with Bill and Charlie, all confused.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: After the lightning strike, we tried
dialog: to go aloft to drop sail. We'd done
dialog: it a thousand times. We didn't have
text: to wait for an order. But Skipper
dialog: called us down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If the foremast had taken a strike,
dialog: everyone in the rigging would've
dialog: been fried. What would you have
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We would have scalloped the squares
dialog: from the deck. Right Bill?
text: Bill turns and stares into the water, troubled.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: That's right, that's right! Bleed
text: the sails from the deck and she
dialog: could've taken a hurricane!
text: It's a strong argument. Even Charlie is troubled by the
text: implication. There is a long moment of silence between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This is crazy. Nothing could have
dialog: prevented what happened.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You guys are missing the point.
dialog: This is all because of Phil. Phil
dialog: and his dear old dad.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: How do you think they got this
dialog: together so fast? He's been laying
dialog: for Skipper since the first day.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on. Like he's got a vendetta
dialog: or some such shit?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You got it.
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: I told you he was a turn coat the
dialog: day we kicked him off the boat.
text: Chuck frowns, troubled.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No. You're wrong.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I'm telling you, the only way to
dialog: change this is to get Phil to call
dialog: off his old man. And that ain't
dialog: gonna happen. So the way I see it,
dialog: it's Skipper or us.
text: The guys react. It's a no win situation.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Chuck knocks quietly on the door. Phil answers the door.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Can we talk?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (O.S.)
dialog: Who is it Philip?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's okay. I'll be in, in a minute.
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: Look, what do you want?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Everybody's saying this whole
dialog: tribunal is happening because of
dialog: your father. Because of you.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Well that's just typical isn't it?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Is it true Phil?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You weren't there, you don't know
dialog: what happened.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I know enough.
text: Chuck puts a hand out to stop him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Phil, please. It won't change
dialog: anything. Tell him to call it off.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (O.S.)
dialog: Who are you talking to out there
dialog: Philip. Come back in here.
text: Phil meets Chuck's eyes, then looks away.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He turns again and reaches for the door.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wait.
text: Chuck hands him something. Phil looks down, disbelieving.
text: It's the ship's bell. Robin's bell. Their symbol of
dialog: unity, of putting loyalty above fear.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We figured he'd have wanted you to
dialog: have it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You do what you've gotta do Phil.
text: He leaves Phil standing alone on the porch, full of
text: emotion, trying to grasp it all.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: A small courtroom. The room is filled with the crew
dialog: members and their families, including the parents of the
text: victims, as well as the media. Phil sits with his father
text: and dodges Chuck's eyes. Coast Guard Officers Tyler,
text: DOWNING and SANDERS head the proceedings.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: The United States Coast Guard has
dialog: been asked to conduct this maritime
dialog: hearing to consider the revocation
dialog: of Captain Richard Sheldrake's U.S.
dialog: Master Seaman's Certificate.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - LATER
text: Bill sits at the table with his parents as questions are
text: leveled at him. Chief petty officers Sanders and Downing
text: ask most of the questions as Tyler oversees the
dialog: proceedings.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Why didn't you drop any sail?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Skipper called us out of the
text: rigging.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: But your instinct was to lose sail?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: My instinct was to not get
text: electrocuted.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: How old are you, son?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Fifteen.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Phil is at the table with Francis. Sanders asks the
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Philip, why were you discharged from
dialog: the Albatross?
text: Phil doesn't look up and speaks in whispers.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Skipper thought I was a challenge to
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Were you?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: LATER
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Captain Sheldrake exhibited an
dialog: arrogant, controlling attitude in my
dialog: presence on more than one occasion.
dialog: I believe he had a personality
dialog: conflict with my son from the start.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Well, if you don't mind my asking,
dialog: sir, why did you let your son stay?
text: Francis is stumped for a moment but recovers quickly.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: It was his dream to go. I could
dialog: hardly stand in the way of that,
dialog: could I?
text: Phil rubs his temples as if he is going to explode.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - LATER
text: It is Skipper's turn at the table.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Is it true that you forced Robin
text: Weathers to climb the mast when it
dialog: was clear that he was acrophobic.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
text: He climbed when he was ready.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Were you aware that his brother was
text: killed in a fall.
text: Chuck and the others look up astonished. Mike shoots a
text: look towards Phil.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He did it man. He sang like a bird.
text: Skipper hesitates.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yes, I was.
text: Whispers fill the room.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Sir, were you aware at any time of
dialog: the use of alcohol among the crew.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yes, I was.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: And you didn't do anything about it?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. I didn't.
text: Again the crew members are struck. Charlie turns to
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They're twisting it all around. Why
dialog: doesn't he say something?
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Had you ever seen a "White Squall"
dialog: before this incident?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: What makes you so sure it was one?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I can't be sure.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: You really felt that your crew were
dialog: up for the conditions.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: We'd come twelve thousand miles
dialog: together, through every kind of seas
dialog: imaginable...
speaker_heading: SANDERS
text: Except, a "White Squall".
dialog: (beat)
dialog: With all due respect Captain
dialog: Sheldrake, they're only boys...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: They are much more than that, sir.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Is it true that the reason you
dialog: expelled Philip Boutillier...
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: For killing a dolphin.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: ... and that you invited him to
dialog: strike you? To fight it out on the
dialog: deck of your ship?!
text: Skipper looks over at Francis. Phil stares at the floor.
text: Skipper manages an ironic smile.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yes, that's true.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Do you think this is funny? Some
dialog: kind of joke? You lost six people
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (white hot)
dialog: I don't think one second of this is
dialog: funny, sir.
text: Skipper stares down Sanders. He turns to Tyler.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: I have no more questions at this
dialog: time.
text: He turns to sit down, then stops.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Oh, one last thing... Isn't true
dialog: that your father was a sea Captain?
text: Skipper bristles.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Isn't also true that his vessel went
dialog: down off of Nantucket? Lost
dialog: everyone on board. In fair weather
dialog: no less.
text: Skipper's silence is suddenly filled with rage. Tyler
text: sees it and tries to intercept.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What does this have to do with
dialog: anything Mr. Sanders?
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: (smug)
dialog: Oh, nothing. I was just curious.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: My father, was more seaman, more of
dialog: a man, than you might ever hope to
dialog: be.
text: Sanders returns to his seat, rattled. Tyler pounds his
dialog: gavel.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: We'll take a brief recess.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
text: The crew huddle in the parking lot. Fractured, confused.
text: Chuck, Tod, Charlie and Bill, stand off by themselves.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: There's still a way.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: It's me, don't you see. Terry's
dialog: right, I'm the escape hatch. I
text: disobeyed order.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You taking the order wouldn't have
dialog: changed anything.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: They don't know that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We were the only one's on deck.
dialog: Look, there's nothing they can do to
dialog: me right? I'm a kid.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: But that's not the point...
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: That is the point... And Skipper'll
text: slip off the hook.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Tod is on the stand.
speaker_heading: DOWNING
dialog: Why didn't you turn hard to port as
dialog: the wind hit?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: I thought we'd have a better chance
dialog: if I headed into the wind so we
dialog: could spill air from our sails.
text: Tyler removes his glasses.
speaker_heading: DOWNING
dialog: But the Captain ordered you hard to
text: starboard.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: DOWNING
dialog: Is that what you were trained to do?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DOWNING
dialog: Then what do you think he was trying
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Let the blow drive the boat down
dialog: wind. Neutralize our canvas.
text: Skipper is becoming uneasy. He sees what is coming.
speaker_heading: DOWNING
dialog: So when the captain gave you an
dialog: order contrary to your training, you
dialog: thought he was making a mistake?
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Then why son, why didn't you follow
dialog: his order?
text: Tod meets Skipper's eyes.
speaker_heading: TOD
dialog: Because -- I panicked.
text: The room is suddenly buzzing. Tod's Father stands up.
speaker_heading: TOD'S FATHER
dialog: That's not true Tod.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: What the hell? What is he doing.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Son of a gun. He just sent Skipper
text: a life boat.
text: Tyler turns to Skipper.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: If this young man had responded
dialog: instantly to your command, do you
dialog: believe the ship might have been
dialog: spared?
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: I don't know that anything could
dialog: have prevented what happened.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Then what are you trying to say
dialog: then?
text: Skipper stands.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: Maybe you can't see what's happening
dialog: here, but it's clear to me.
dialog: (to Tod)
dialog: I appreciate what you're trying to
dialog: do Tod. Maybe you could live with
dialog: it, but I couldn't.
dialog: (to tribunal)
dialog: If you think I'm going to let a
dialog: sixteen year old take
dialog: responsibility, then you
dialog: underestimate me. The Albatross was
dialog: my ship. The Ocean Academy was my
dialog: school. Her loss is mine and mine
dialog: alone.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: I can't bring your sons back. If
dialog: you want my ticket, if that will
dialog: ease your loss, it's the least I
dialog: can do. This...
text: Skipper pulls out his wallet and takes out his license.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: This is easy. Living with it,
dialog: that'll be hard.
text: Skipper turns and lays his license down in front of Tyler.
text: Then he turns and begins walking towards the back of the
dialog: room.
text: The room erupts. Crew members and their families hurl
text: accusations and blame. Cameras flash. Tyler tries to
text: regain control. Suddenly Chuck stands, tall.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No!!! Don't you walk away! Not
dialog: now. Not after all of this!!!!
text: Skipper keeps walking. His head slumps. Tyler pounds his
dialog: gavel.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That enough son!! Order!! Please!!
text: Tears begin to stream down Chuck's face. His father,
text: Charles, slowly stands meeting his sons eyes. Go for it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Tell me Skipper, was it all just a
dialog: lie? "Where we go one, we go all".
dialog: We listened to you. We believed it.
dialog: And we're still here!!
text: Skipper keeps moving.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shame on you then Skipper. Shame on
dialog: you.
text: Skipper reaches for the door. Suddenly a sound stops him
text: cold in his tracks. Phil slowly rises. Tears streaming
text: down his face. Tightly in his hands he grips the ships
text: bell. Ding ding. Ding ding. Ding ding. It is the
text: ringing of the truth. The tolling of their unity.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Sit down!
text: Phil ignores him. Skipper slowly walks over, his eyes
text: never leaving Phil's. He stops, facing him. He gently
text: takes his hands and silences the bell. Then he smiles and
text: puts a hand on the back of Phil's head fighting his own
text: emotions. He turns to Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Tell them the truth. Make them
dialog: understand.
text: The room grows silent.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You tell them Chuck.
text: Chuck suddenly feels the eyes of the room.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's simple. Bad things happen
dialog: sometimes. It wasn't Skipper or
dialog: Tod. It was all of us. Everyone in
dialog: this room. Because we all knew the
dialog: risks.
dialog: (to parents)
dialog: You sent us... You paid our tuition,
dialog: you allowed us to go. So to invent
dialog: a reason for why this happened, to
dialog: pin it on one person, well that
dialog: won't change anything. It'll just
dialog: make our experience meaningless.
text: He turns to the tribunal.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If you want to judge this man, judge
text: him by his crew. Judge him by Alice
text: and George. Chris and John and
dialog: Robin. In one way or another each
dialog: one of them gave their lives saving
dialog: one of us. This may sound crazy but
dialog: the Albatross wasn't just a ship, or
dialog: even a school. It was something
dialog: that we made, that's inside us.
dialog: That's who Skipper is. That's what
dialog: he taught us. I guess what it
dialog: really was about was... the
dialog: privilege of sacrifice.
text: Chuck turns to Skipper.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Isn't that right?
text: Skipper nods.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER
dialog: That's right.
text: The room is silent. Then, a voice. A golden tenor
text: singing like the wind. Everyone turns. It's Bill.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: When the sun came up, there was
text: whisky in the cup, and not a one of
dialog: us was sober...
text: One by one the crew members stand and begin to sing.
text: Chuck turns, surprised to see his father rise and stand
dialog: with him. Words or not.
scene_heading: CREW TOGETHER
text: Jenny thought she saw a picture when
dialog: it really was the sun, then we knew
dialog: the party was over.
text: They all stand facing Skipper and sing. The voices build,
text: sweeping over everyone like a wave.
scene_heading: CREW TOGETHER
dialog: Oh my heart is sad, for leaving you
dialog: today, but I know we'll meet again,
dialog: when the moon is in the valley and
dialog: the leafs are on the trees, We will
text: come to clearly in the glen...
text: Skipper meets Chuck's eyes and those of his mates. Only
text: now is his job finished. He beams back. The music swells
text: like an anthem, building, like a swell lifting a small
text: wooden boat over a jagged reef, until it rests safely in
text: the calm waters beyond.
text: The crew come together around Skipper one last time. They
dialog: embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. MYSTIC SEAPORT - HARBOR - DAY
text: Older Chuck has returned to the small building where the
dialog: funeral services were held earlier. The people have gone
text: but the funeral urn remains.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - DAY
text: Chuck walks to the dock. He has the funeral urn in his
text: hands. He steps aboard a small sailboat and begins
text: untying her. The HARBOR MASTER notices and steps out of
dialog: his office.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER
dialog: What do you think you're doing.
text: He walks over to the dock.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER
dialog: All right friend, out of the boat.
text: He tries to board the boat but Chuck greets him with the
text: sharp end of a gaffing hook.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Stand away.
text: He looks into Chuck's eyes and sees that he means
text: business. He backs off. Chucks pushes away and raises
text: the sail. The harbor master watches, perplexed as the
text: small boat moves off for open water.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN SEA - SUNSET
text: Bathed in the orange glow of the sun, Chuck stands naked
text: against the ivory sail.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: They didn't take his ticket that
dialog: day. But why he never returned to
dialog: the sea, I'd never know. Perhaps he
dialog: hadn't been able to free himself
dialog: from the anchor of grief that had
text: driven him to his knees aboard the
dialog: Gran Rio, or that he no longer cared
dialog: for the solitude and isolation of
dialog: command without his Alice. Or maybe
dialog: it was just that the waves that had
dialog: spoken to him for so long, had grown
dialog: silent. Whatever it was, that
dialog: thing, it had always troubled me.
text: Because, fate offers up no reasons.
dialog: And maybe that's what I have
dialog: traveled these thirty four years to
dialog: say. Maybe that is all I really
dialog: know... And, that one man cared.
text: Chuck turns to the sea and speaks.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK
dialog: Rest easy old salt. For together
dialog: again, we'll sail.
text: With a powerful heave, he hurls the Skipper's remains at
text: the sinking sun and into the arms of Neptune.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: The same sunset, but from another time. Four young men
text: walk along a deserted beach. A small boat has beached and
text: rocks gently in the shallows. The boys run up and look at
text: it. On the stern are painted the words: BRIGANTINE
speaker_heading: ALBATROSS.
text: SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal endless white sand, blue water,
text: the young men and the boat.
speaker_heading: OLDER CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Some time later we learned that one
dialog: of our long boats had been
text: recovered. Several young men found
text: it washed up on a nameless beach
text: somewhere on the island of
dialog: Hispaniola. No one seemed to know
dialog: who they were or where they came
dialog: from, but they seemed to know of the
dialog: Albatross.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sometimes in my dreams those
text: faceless young men reveal themselves
dialog: as my lost companions, and on the
text: twilight coral sands of forever,
dialog: between my slumber and conscious
dialog: state, we race naked again, so open
dialog: and in love with those precious
text: moments, running, ever laughing,
dialog: ever young, ever free.
scene_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GALAPAGOS - DUSK
text: Young again, their hair sun bleached and skins brown,
text: Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod, pound through the
text: surf in a grinning footrace. Brothers all. Music builds.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
