dialog: 
dialog: Who Shot Roger Rabbit
text: "WHO SHOT ROGER RABBIT?"
dialog: (working title)
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
dialog: September 2, 1986
dialog: WHO SHOT ROGER RABBIT?
dialog: This movie starts the way all movies should... with a
dialog: cartoon. It's not a Disney or a Warner's. It's not a
dialog: Fleischer, an MGM, or a Lanz. This is a lesser known
dialog: studio.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ON A "MAROON CARTOON"
text: Accompanied by zany CARTOON MUSIC, the TITLE CARD reads:
scene_heading: MAROON CARTOONS PRESENT
scene_heading: BABY HERMAN AND ROGER RABBIT
speaker_heading: IN
scene_heading: "THE BUNNYSITTER"
text: Below are two cameos of the cartoon's stars. One picture is
text: of a cherubic baby in a bonnet innocently posed with his
text: thumb in his mouth. The other is of a paunchy rabbit with a
text: gap between his front teeth. He has a loveable, if slightly
text: shell-shocked look. The cartoon begins...
scene_heading: BABY HERMAN AND ROGER RABBIT
text: are in a playpen when TWO FEMALE LEGS in high heels walk INTO
text: FRAME. The VOICE belonging to the legs talks down to Baby
text: Herman in a maternal coo.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mommy's going to the beauty parlor,
dialog: darling. But I'm leaving you with your
dialog: favorite friend, Roger. He's going to
dialog: take very, very good care of you...
dialog: (voice turns
dialog: ominous)
dialog: ... cause if he doesn't, he's going
dialog: back to the science lab!
text: Roger gulps as he watches the legs disappear. We HEAR
text: FOOTSTEPS recede and a DOOR SLAM. Roger turns confidently
text: back to his charge. But the little tyke is already squeezing
text: through the playpen bars.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Baby bye-bye...
text: Roger makes a dive for him, misses, and gets his head stuck
text: between the bars. He pleads with the Baby in a voice that
text: resonates of Huntz Hall in "The Bowery Boys".
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hey, come back! You heard what your
dialog: mother said!
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
text: ignores Roger. We FOLLOW HIM as he crawls into the kitchen.
text: He stops to regard something that has caught his attention...
text: a cookie jar. It's sitting on top of the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Coo-kie.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: wearing the playpen like a pillory, comes running toward the
text: kitchen. But the playpen is too wide to clear the door. The
text: impact SHATTERING the playpen and sends Roger sprawling
text: across the kitchen floor. When he looks up...
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
text: is swinging precariously on the door of the freeer.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hang on, Baby. I'll save you!
text: Roger makes a desperate leap across the kitchen for the kid.
text: But Baby Herman swings the door to the freezer open and Roger
text: disappears inside. Baby Herman grabs a cookie and swings
text: back, shutting the door. He climbs down and crawls out of
text: the kitchen. After a beat, the freezer door opens.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: now shaped like a block of ice, falls out and hits the floor.
text: The block SHATTERS into ice cubes. Roger looks around,
text: dazed.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
text: has taken this opportunity to crawl out the window. Roger
text: races to the window. His eyes pop out of his head at what he
dialog: sees.
speaker_heading: ROGER'S POV
text: Baby Herman is crawling along the sidewalk under the shadow
text: of a safe being hoisted into a second floor window by the
text: Acme Safe Moving Company. The rope holding the safe is
text: fraying down to a slender thread.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: gasps and rockets out the window toward Baby Herman. The
text: rope snaps. The safe falls. Roger arrives just in time to
text: pluck the Baby out of harm's way. But not in time to save
text: himself. The safe CRUNCHES down on his head, burying Roger
text: into the sidewalk. After a beat, Roger's hand appears and
text: spins the tumbler. The safe door opens. Inside, we see the
text: dazed rabbit with little TWEETING BIRDS circling his head.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Cut, cut, cut!
text: The cartoon action stops abruptly, but the goofy CARTOON
text: MUSIC PLAYS ON. We begin a slow PULL BACK TO REVEAL that
text: this cartoon is being filmed LIVE ON A SOUND STAGE. The
text: title card sits on an easle. The female legs are paper
text: mache' props manipulated by two HUMAN CREW MEMBERS. Wearily,
text: they lean the legs up against the stage wall. A human
text: DIRECTOR, wearing a tweed jacket and baggy pleated pants,
text: steps onto the set. From the equipment and the dress of the
text: crew, we can tell it's the 1940's. Baby Herman throws his
text: cookie down in disgust. He talks in a gravelly voice an
text: octave lower than Wallace Beery's.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: What the hell was wrong with that
dialog: take??
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Nothin' with you, Baby Herman. It's on
dialog: Roger... again!
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: Hey! Could we lose the playback?
text: The MUSIC suddenly STOPS as, off to the side, the SOUNDMAN
text: lifts the needle off a phonograph record. The Director leans
text: over Roger and angrily plucks one of the birds circling his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What's this, Roger?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: A tweeting bird?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: That's right, a tweeting bird. But
dialog: what does the script say? 'Rabbit gets
dialog: conked. Rabbit sees stars!' Not
dialog: birds, stars!
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Aw, for cryin' out loud, Roger! I'll
dialog: be in my trailer... takin' a nap!
text: Baby Herman pulls himself up to his full height of two feet
text: and walks off the set. He chooses a route that takes him
text: under the dress of the SCRIPT GIRL. She jumps as if goosed.
text: Now two CREW MEMBERS lift the safe off Roger.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Please, Raoul. I can give you stars,
dialog: I know I can. Just drop the safe on my
dialog: head one more time.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I've already dropped it on you
dialog: twenty-three times.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Don't worry about me. I can take it.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I'm not worried about you. I'm worried
dialog: about the safe.
scene_heading: CONTINUED PULLBACK.
text: What we've been seeing has been from the POV of a MAN in a
text: shiny brown suit standing unobtrusively at the back of the
text: sound stage. Under a beat-up fedora is a craggy face that's
dialog: seen a lot in its life... but apparently didn't think much of
text: it was funny. EDDIE VALIANT takes a jolt from a pint of
text: whiskey, evidently in reaction to what he's seen. He opens
text: his coat and returns the pint bottle to a shoulder holster
text: which had formerly held a .38. Nerves steadied, he walks out
text: the stage door.
scene_heading: EXT. MAROON STUDIO - DAY
text: Valiant emerges from the stage onto a bustling Hollywood
text: studio lot where CARTOON CHARACTERS (TOONS) and humans are
text: comingling as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
text: Valiant stops by an Acme Novelty truck which is unloading
text: Toon props. There are bombs, rockets, flattened pocket
text: watches, anvils, giant slingshots, etcetera. The license
text: plate is California 1946. He fishes out a pack of
text: Chesterfields and taps out a half a butt that had been
text: stubbed out. As he lights it, Valiant regards a chubby,
text: balding man wearing a three-piece suit and a worried
text: expression coming towards him. He is R.K. MAROON, studio
text: boss. Maroon is leading an entourage of ASSISTANTS trying to
dialog: keep up.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Starting tomorrow there'll be no more
dialog: roast beef lunches. What happened to
dialog: cheese sandwiches? I was raised on
dialog: cheese sandwiches.
text: As the Assistants dutifully record his thoughts, Maroon sees
text: a GUY taking a nap in the shade of a palm tree.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And tell that guy sleepin' over there
dialog: he's fired!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: It's your wife's brother, R.K.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (reconsiders)
dialog: Oh... tell him he's promoted. But get
dialog: him out of my sight.
text: As the Assistants disperse, Maroon approaches Valiant.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Valiant, did you see the rabbit?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: He was blowin' his lines, all right.
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: So what? He's already put me three
dialog: weeks behind on the shooting schedule!
text: Now an EDITH HEAD-TYPE hustles up to show Maroon several
dialog: costume designs.
speaker_heading: COSTUMER
dialog: Your reaction, R.K.?
text: Maroon quickly checks out the drawing.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: No! That's not funny.
dialog: 
text: She flips another drawing.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's funny. Put a homburg on him
dialog: it'll even be funnier. Huh, Valiant?
text: He grabs the pad and shows Valiant. The rendering is of a
text: hippo in a pink polka-dot tu-tu.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Yeah, that'd be a riot.
text: Maroon responds to Valiant's sarcasm with raised eyebrows.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Boy, I hope what you have ain't
dialog: contagious or I'll be out of business.
text: He hands the pad back to the designer, who departs.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: How much do you know about show
dialog: business, Valiant?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Only there's no business like it, no
dialog: business I know.
text: Valiant watches an ALLIGATOR in a rebel uniform dragging a
text: brace of cannons and several TOADSTOOLS parade by.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Yeah, and there's no business as
dialog: expensive. I'm twenty-five grand over
dialog: budget on the latest Bunnysitter
dialog: cartoon and it's all because that
text: rabbit can't keep his mind on his work.
dialog: And you know why?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: One too many safes dropped on his head?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Nah, that goes with the territory.
dialog: He's a stunt bunny.
text: Maroon takes a copy of the "Hollywood Tattler" out of his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Here's the problem...
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Seen cooing over calamari with
dialog: notsonew Sugar Daddy was Jessica
dialog: Rabbit... wife of Maroon star, Roger".
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: His wife's a tramp, but he thinks she's
dialog: Betty Crocker. The doubt's eatin' him
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So what do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Get me a couple juicy pictures.
dialog: Somethin' I can wise the rabbit up
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I don't work in Toontown.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: You don't have to. The rabbit's wife
text: sings at an underground Toon revue
dialog: joint called The Ink & Paint Club. You
text: can catch her in action there.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: The job's gonna cost you a hundred
dialog: bucks.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: A hundred bucks? That's ridiculous.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So's the job.
text: Valiant starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: All right, all right... You got your
dialog: hundred bucks.
text: Maroon turns, snaps his fingers. His Assistant appears out
text: of nowhere with Maroon's checkbook and a pen. The Assistant
text: turns and stoops so that Maroon can write the check on his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Fifty now, fifty when you deliver the
dialog: pictures.
text: Maroon tears the check off and hands it to Valiant. Suddenly
text: Valiant ducks in reflex to a large shadow that passes
dialog: overhead.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: chuckles)
dialog: Kinda jumpy aren't you, Valiant? It's
dialog: just Dumbo.
scene_heading: ABOVE THEIR HEADS - DUMBO
text: swoops back and forth, then hovers, ears flapping like a
text: hummingbird.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: I got him on loan from Disney.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Aren't you the lucky one...
text: Valiant grabs the check from Maroon and starts for the gate.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: When will I hear from you?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: As soon as is humanly possible.
text: We FOLLOW Valiant out the gate under a wrought iron sign that
text: reads "Maroon Cartoon Studios". As he starts across the road
text: he's almost run over by a Toon roadster that ROARS out of the
text: gates. When it BLASTS ITS HORN, it's the FIRST FIVE NOTES
scene_heading: from the WOODY WOODPECKER SONG: "HA-HA-HA-HA-HA". Valiant
text: jumps back as the roadster passes. WOODY THE WOODPECKER'S
text: behind the wheel with a self-important smile on his face.
text: Valiant angrily waves the cloud of Toon dust away.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (coughs)
dialog: Damn Toons.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET - A TROLLEY CAR
text: is slowing to a stop in front of the studio. It's a Pacific
text: and Electric "Red Car", part of a vast system of electric
text: trollies that once criss-crossed the L.A. Basin. Valiant
text: steps onto the "Red Car". He reaches into his pocket to give
text: the CONDUCTOR his nickel fare. But he comes up with a
text: handful of lint. He holds out the check.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: What do I look like, a bank?
text: The Conductor jerks his thumb toward the door. Valiant
dialog: suffers the public humiliation,of having to step down past
text: the rest of the boarding passengers. He walks around to the
text: back of the Red Car where a gang of TEN-YEAR-OLDS are
text: loitering. When the BELL SOUNDS and the Red Car starts to
text: pull away, the Kids make a dash for a place on the cow
text: catcher. Valiant joins them. We HOLD as the Red Car moves
text: away and the street urchins regard their older partner in
dialog: crime with curiosity.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A BILLBOARD SIGN
text: It reads: "L.A.'s Pacific and Electric Red Car -- America's
scene_heading: Finest Public Transportation System". PAN DOWN to see that
text: the sign is on the roof of the trolley terminal. Red Cars
text: are going in and out of the shed. MOVE IN on one car
text: approaching the terminal from down the street. As it passes
dialog: by...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: hops off his freeloader's seat on the back,
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: So long, mister.
text: Valiant waves laconically.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Thanks for the cigarettes.
text: We FOLLOW Valiant as he crosses the street to a seedy
text: bungalow. A note is push-pinned to the door.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - NOTE
dialog: It says: "Tomorrow's Friday... Well? Dolores".
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: takes the note and walks back across the street toward the
text: terminal. He climbs up a flight of stairs, heading for a bar
text: on the mezzanine. The bar sports a red neon sign that used
text: to blink, "The Terminal Station Bar". But now it just says,
dialog: "Terminal".
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BAR - DAY
dialog: The place must have been pretty swanky at the turn of the
text: century when it was built in the first burst of enthusiasm
text: over the new public transportation system. It's in the motif
text: of a trolley car. There's a large map on the wail above the
text: bar showing all the different lines. Behind the bar is
dialog: DOLORES. If you scraped off all the makeup, you'd find an
text: attractive woman in her late thirties. She ministers to a
text: rag-tag assortment of Hollywood low-lifes -- who are truly at
text: the end of the line.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: enters this den, lets his eyes adjust for a moment, then
text: bellies up to the bar. He finds a spot between a ONE-ARMED
text: BLACK SOLDIER and a MIDGET stretched out on the bar passed
text: out. Now a TROLLEY RUMBLES underneath them. The bar starts
text: to shake like an earthquake, the lights flicker. All the
text: drinkers, observing a time honored ritual, lift their glasses
text: simultaneously to avoid spilling any drops. Even the Midget
text: lifts his head until the trolley has passed. Valiant reaches
text: over the bar and blind-grabs a bottle of rye he obviously
text: knows is there. He pours himself a shot.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hey, fellas, what's the good word?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Lost my job.
text: An ARTHRITIC COWBOY pipes up.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Mule died.
text: A DEAF-MUTE scribbles a note on a pad hanging around his
text: neck. He hands the note to Valiant. It says "My girl dumped
text: me". Valiant pats him on the back, consoling.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, you know what they say about
dialog: dames, Augie...
text: Then Valiant mouths the rest of it for Augie's benefit only.
text: Augie reads his lips, then starts to roar silently, slapping
text: his thigh. Now Dolores makes her way down the bar. She
text: grabs the Midget by the suspenders and slides him out of the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: So, makin' dame jokes, huh, Eddie?
dialog: Well, lemme remind ya pal, it was a
dialog: dame who took a hundred bucks out of
dialog: the till so your landlord would't
dialog: throw you out of your dump. And it was
dialog: a dame who trusted you for the money
dialog: when no one else in town would. And
dialog: it's a dame who's tired of waitin' for
dialog: you to straighten yourself out and get
dialog: a job!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Would this be the same dame who's going
dialog: to feel awfully foolish when she finds
dialog: out I've got her money.
text: Valiant slides the check across the bar. Dolores studies it.
text: She calms down a little.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: This is fifty bucks. I need
dialog: seventy-five before they check the
dialog: books tomorrow.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You'll have it in the morning. Now be
dialog: a sport and lemme have twenty bucks to
dialog: put in my pocket.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Is this paper even good?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Check the scrawl.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (reads)
dialog: R.K. Maroon.
text: Now ANGELO, a Neanderthal sitting a few stools down, is
text: tapping the shell of a hardboiled egg.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Maroon? Valiant, don't tell me you're
dialog: workin' for a Toon? Who's your client?
dialog: Chilly Willy or Screwy Squirrel?
text: Angelo chuckles at his own joke and goes to eat his egg.
text: Suddenly Valiant darkens. He grabs Angelo by the shirt and
text: pulls him up to his face.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Get this straight, greaseball. I'm not
dialog: workin' for a Toon! I'd never work for
dialog: a Toon! Got that?
text: Valiant jams the whole egg into Angelo's mouth, turns and
text: storms out the door. Angelo sputters and spits out the egg.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: What's his problem?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Toon killed his brother.
scene_heading: EXT. INK & PAINT CLUB - NIGHT
text: Valiant knocks on the door of, a non-descript building in a
text: run-down factory area. A speakeasy style peephole slides
text: open REVEALING the face of a TOON GORILLA. Valiant offers
dialog: the password.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Walt sent me.
text: The peephole slides closed and after a beat the door swings
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB
text: The Gorilla, dressed in a tux, gives Valiant the once over.
text: Valiant resents the assessment.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Like your monkey suit.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: Wise ass...
text: We FOLLOW Valiant down the hall toward the main room. We can
text: HEAR LAUGHTER and ZANY MUSIC from within.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM
text: When Valiant steps through the doorway, we see the place is
text: no dive. It's a white tablecloth nightclub on a par with the
text: El Morroco or the Garden of Allah. Behind the bar A
text: CATERPILLAR BARTENDER is using his many arms to shake and
text: pour several drinks at once. Meanwhile a dozen PENGUIN
text: WAITERS are gliding back and forth along the tables serving
text: drinks to the well-heeled crowd.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: DONALD DUCK and DAFFY DUCK are seated opposite each other at
text: matching grand pianos. What begins as a decorous Duck duet
text: on a Tchaikovsky piece (complete with knuckle-cracking,
text: seat-spinning preparations) quickly accelerates to a loony
text: game of one-upsmanship between these two irascible Ducks.
text: There is keyboard stomping, lid-banging, piano wire plucking
dialog: zaniness.
speaker_heading: THE AUDIENCE
text: is HOWLING. People are wiping the tears from their eyes
text: they're laughing so hard. All except...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: He lights a cigarette impassively, not humored by the Toon
text: hijinx. He spots an empty table off to the side and makes
text: his way towards it. A SILLY GEEZER in a loud suit is at the
text: next table. The Geezer nods to him soberly as Valiant pulls
text: Out the chair and sits down. A LOUD FLATULENCE SOUND erupts
text: from under Valiant. The Geezer slaps his thigh with the
dialog: hilarity of it all.
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: Will you listen to that? It's a pip!
dialog: I'm thinking of callin' it a Whoopee
dialog: Cushion.
text: Valiant reaches under himself and comes up holding a deflated
text: rubber bladder. The Geezer retrieves it from him.
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: No hard feelings, I hope. Put 'er
dialog: there...
text: The Geezer grabs Valiant's hand before he can say no. We
text: HEAR A BUZZ. Valiant retracts his hand as if shocked. The
text: Geezer howls with laughter and turns his palm to Eddie.
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hand buzzer... real gasser.
text: Valiant rolls his eyes and grabs a Penguin as it glides by.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Scotch.
speaker_heading: PENGUIN
dialog: There's a two drink minimum.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Just as long as there's no maximum.
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: Waiter, I'll sign my check now.
text: The Penguin puts a bill down on the Geezer's table and zips
text: off. The Geezer takes a fountain pen out of his jacket and
text: writes on the bill. But there doesn't seem to be any ink
text: coming out. He shakes and shakes the pen to get it flowing.
text: It flows all right. Ink splatters all over Valiant's shirt
text: and pants. Valiant looks down at the stain, doing a slow
text: burn. The Geezer starts laughing. Valiant jumps up and
text: grabs him by the lapels.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's it for you, pops!
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: Calm down, son. Look, the ink is gone.
text: Valiant looks down at his shirt. The stain is gone.
speaker_heading: GEEZER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See? It disappears.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, why don't you make like the ink?
text: Valiant drops him into his chair and returns to his seat.
text: The Penguin glides up with his drinks. Valiant swallows the
text: first one with one quick jerk of the head.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Donald and Daffy's PIANO COMPETITION has reached a CRESCENDO
text: of mayhem. They've got the axes out, and in time with the
text: MUSIC they reduce their pianos to matchsticks. At the
text: completion of the piece, they step to the front of the stage
text: and with great decorum, arms around each other, they take
text: their bows. The curtain comes down to GREAT APPLAUSE. We
text: HEAR SFX of CRASHING AND BASHING backstage. Now from behind
text: Valiant, we HEAR a familiar high-pitched VOICE.
speaker_heading: CIGARETTE GIRL
dialog: Cigars... cigarettes... Eddie?
text: Valiant turns to see BETTY BOOP standing with a box of
text: tobacco wares strapped around her neck. In contrast to all
text: the other Toons, Betty's in black and white.
speaker_heading: BETTY BOOP
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Gee, it's swell to see you, Eddie. We
dialog: miss you in Toontown.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Wish I could say the same. What're you
dialog: doin' here, Betty?
speaker_heading: BETTY BOOP
dialog: Work's been slow for me since the
dialog: cartoons went to color. But I still
dialog: got it, Eddie...
dialog: (sings)
dialog: 'Boop boop be-doop'.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, you still got it, Betty.
dialog: (indicates
dialog: Geezer)
dialog: Who's Mr. Jocularity?
speaker_heading: BETTY BOOP
dialog: (leans in)
dialog: That's Marvin Acme, the gag king.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Shoulda guessed.
speaker_heading: BETTY BOOP
dialog: He comes here every night to see
dialog: Jessica Rabbit.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Big on the musical comedy, huh?
speaker_heading: BETTY BOOP
dialog: Sounds like you ve never seen her,
dialog: Eddie.
text: Now the lights dim and Betty moves on.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: the dour DROOPY walks out with the spotlight following him.
dialog: He's the evening's emcee.
speaker_heading: DROOPY
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Hello, everybody. I hope you're all
dialog: having as much fun as I am. I have a
dialog: small announcement to make. Jessica
dialog: Rabbit will not be able to sing
dialog: tonight.
text: There's a ROAR OF DISAPPROVAL from the men in the crowd.
text: They shower him with debris.
speaker_heading: DROOPY
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: deadpan)
dialog: I was merely jesting. Without further
dialog: ado... here's woman times two,
dialog: Toontown's own chanteuse par
dialog: excellance... Jessica Rabbit!
text: There is excited APPLAUSE as the lights dim. A TOON COMBO
text: made up of CROWS in shades STRIKES UP the intro to the smokey
text: song, "Why Don't You Do Right". A spotlight hits the
text: curtain. Now a curvaceous leg pokes out, teasingly. The
text: crowd goes wild as the rest of the body belonging to the leg
text: emerges. JESSICA RABBIT is a generously endowed red-headed
dialog: bombshell. She's a humanoid Toon... in her case, more
text: beautiful than human. Her figure is testimony to what a guy
dialog: can do with a pencil and a fertile imagination,
scene_heading: REACTION - VALIANT
dialog: This is not quite the bunny he expected Roger to be married
text: to. His jaw drops. And his reaction is mirrored all around
text: the room. The men are panting so hard you couldn't keep a
dialog: match lit.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - JESSICA
text: as she steps to the mike.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (sings)
dialog: 'You had plenty of money back
dialog: in '22
dialog: You let other woman make a fool
dialog: of you
dialog: Why don't you do right.
dialog: Like some other men do...
dialog: Get out of here and
dialog: Get me the money too...'
text: Jessica takes the mike and comes off the stage. Slinkily.
text: she wanders among the tables, teasing the men as she goes.
text: Now there's a HOWL from behind Valiant. A Tex Avery type
text: TOON WOLF, who came masquerading as a human, couldn't help
text: but show his true colors at the sight of Jessica. He HOWLS
text: as if it were a full moon. His tongue rolls out of his head
text: and piles up on the floor like so much clothesline. His
text: eyeballs telescope out of his head. And finally, the Wolf
text: levitates and snaps rigid like an open jacknife. As the Wolf
text: makes a rush for the stage, the Gorilla Bouncer grabs him by
text: the suspenders. The Wolf, legs spinning madly, practically
text: knocks Valiant's table over as he grabs at Jessica. But the
text: Wolf has come to the end of his suspenders. He snaps back
text: toward the Gorilla who is holding an anvil in front of the
text: suspenders. CLANG! The Wolf hits the anvil and slides to
text: the floor. The Gorilla calmly whisks him into a dustpan and
text: carries him out.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: like all good saloon singers, has continued her act
text: undaunted.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Why don't you do right.
dialog: Like some other men do...'
text: She sashays over to the Geezer's table. Teasingly, she
text: swirls the whisps of white hair onto his head into a Dairy
text: Queen. He giggles gleefully and makes a grab at Jessica.
text: But she slips out of his grasp like mercury.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'You ain't got no money
dialog: Ain't got no use for you...'
text: Now Jessica works her way over to Eddie. She stops at his
text: table and sings tauntingly. Then with a flourish, she throws
text: herself in his lap, and belts out the finale.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'So get out of here...
dialog: And get me the money toooo!'
text: There is RAUCOUS APPLAUSE when she finishes. Jessica looks
text: deep into Eddie's eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Thanks for your lap.
text: Before Eddie can reply, she jumps off, and slinks offstage,
text: leaving Eddie a pile of human wreckage. Valiant slugs the
text: rest of his drink down to put out the fire in his libido.
text: When the lights come up, Valiant looks over to where Acme is
text: slicking down his eyebrows and patting his hair down. He
text: stands, picks up a bouquet of roses from the chair beside
text: him, and as he passes Valiant's table, gives him a big wink.
text: Valiant watches Acme disappear backstage. He stands, drops
text: a couple bucks on the table, and follows after him.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Valiant steps past the curtain, keeping a discreet distance.
text: He follows Marvin Acme down a corridor and around the corner.
text: Acme stops and knocks on a dressing room door. After a
text: moment, it opens and Acme goes inside. Valiant checks over
text: his shoulder, but the backstage area is empty. He eases over
text: to the door and puts his eye to the keyhole.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH KEYHOLE
text: Jessica is seated at her dressing table. Acme is on his
text: knees next to her, kissing his way up her gloved hand, eyes
text: closed in ecstasy. Jessica takes her hand out of the glove
text: and starts combing her hair, leaving Marvin kissing a
text: suspended Toon glove.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON VALIANT
text: while he continues his peeping. The Gorilla bouncer sneaks
text: up behind him.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: Hey, whaddaya think you're doin',
dialog: chump?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Who're you callin' chump, chimp?
text: The Gorilla smiles sadistically when he recognizes Valiant.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: Oh, it's da comedian...
text: The Gorilla grabs Valiant by the belt and lifts him off the
text: ground. He opens the fire door and heaves Valiant out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Valiant comes flying out the door and CRASHES into a bunch of
text: garbage cans in the alley. The Gorilla stands in the doorvay
text: regarding the dazed Valiant.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: And don't lemme catch your peepin' face
dialog: around here again. Got it?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Ooga-booga.
text: The Gorilla slams the door. Valiant picks himself up out of
text: the garbage. He brushes himself off, then starts down the
text: alley toward the rear of the building. We FOLLOW him around
text: the corner where he stops under Jessica's dressing room
text: window. He drags over a milk crate to stand on, takes a
text: small camera out of his pocket and opens the bellows. He
text: stands on the crate and aims the camera through the corner of
text: the window, as we HEAR the MUFFLED CONVERSATION from within.
speaker_heading: ACME (O.S.)
dialog: Are we going to play pattycake tonight?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT (0.5.)
dialog: Marvin, I have a headache...
speaker_heading: ACME (O.S.)
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: But you promised...
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, all right. But this time take that
text: hand buzzer off...
text: Valiant's eyes widen in disgust.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Jesus Christ...
text: As he starts CLICKING pictures...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAROON STUDIO - LATE NIGHT
text: There's one light on in the Administration building.
scene_heading: INT. MAROON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: It's a large art deco office with walls covered with photos
dialog: of Maroon and various celebrities, human and Toon. R.K.
text: Maroon is seated behind his desk. Standing nearby is
text: Valiant. They are both regarding a hysterical Roger Rabbit,
text: who's holding a set of 8 x lO glossies. He's WAILING and
text: CRYING, Toon tears flooding off him in a torrent.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Pattycake! Pattycake!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Baker's man... but no use ruinin' a
text: good pair of shoes over it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RUG
text: Roger's tears have formed a puddle around the desk. Valiant
text: lifts a well-worn oxford and shakes the water off it.
speaker_heading: MAROON
text: hands Roger his handkerchief. Roger AAH-OO-GA'S his nose.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Take comfort, son, you're not the first
text: man whose wife played pattycake on him.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I don't believe it. I won't believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: The pictures don't lie. Mr. Valiant
dialog: here took them himself.
text: Roger takes another look at the pictures.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - PHOTOS
text: They're shots of Jessica Rabbit and Marvin Acme seated knee
text: to knee, caught in the act of slapping palms... really
text: playing pattycake.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Maroon gets up and crosses to a bar table set up by the
text: window. He pours a drink from a crystal decanter as Roger
text: starts sobbing again.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: But Jessy... she's the light of my
dialog: life, the apple of my eye, the cream in
dialog: my coffee...
text: Valiant eyes the booze longingly as he mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, you better start thinkin' about
dialog: drinkin' it black.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Frankly, I'm shocked. Marvin Acme's
dialog: been my friend and neighbor for thirty
dialog: years.
text: Maroon gestures out the window. We see a blinking neon sign
text: on the roof of the building across the street -- "Acme - If
dialog: It's Acme - It's A Gasser!"
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Who would have thought he was the Sugar
dialog: Daddy?
text: Maroon turns and carries the drink to Roger. Meanwhile,
text: Valiant sidles over to the bar to help himself.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, the important thing now Roger, is
dialog: to put all this behind you.
dialog: (hands him
dialog: drink)
dialog: Drink this, son, you'll feel better.
text: Roger takes the glass and shoots it down in one gulp.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I know this all seems painful now, but
dialog: you'll find someone new. Won't he, Mr,
dialog: Valiant?
text: Eddie has just picked up the decanter to pour one for
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: Oh, yeah. Good lookin' guy like him.
dialog: Dames'll be breakin' his door down.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROGER
text: The booze is taking its effect. There's a RUMBLE like a
text: volcano about to erupt. Suddenly Roger's head turns into a
text: Toon steam whistle SHRIEKING. The HIGH PITCH causes glass
text: objects in the room to SHATTER... including the crystal
text: decanter that Valiant's holding in his hand. It EXPLODES,
text: soaking his suit with booze. Valiant looks down at the
text: damage, completely exasperated.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch...
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Mr. Maroon, I think I'll be goin' now,
dialog: so about the rest of my fee...
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Sure, Valiant, sure...
text: Maroon sits at the desk and writes a check.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Being experienced in these matrimonial
dialog: matters, you have any advice for our
dialog: friend here?
text: Valiant crosses to the desk and takes the check.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: My advice? Hop on over to Reno, get
dialog: yourself a quickie divorce.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Divorce? Never!
text: Suddenly Roger jumps onto Maroon's desk and grabs Valiant by
text: the lapels.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Marriage is a two-way street and we're
dialog: just experiencing a detour! Jessica
dialog: and I are going to get back together.
dialog: We're going to be happy! H-A-P-P-I!
text: Roger zips off the desk and CRASHES out the window, leaving a
text: rabbit outline in the glass... backlit by the blinking Acme
text: sign. Maroon and Valiant walk to the window and look out the
text: rabbit-shaped hole in the window.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: At least he took it well.
scene_heading: INT. VALIANT'S BUNGALOW - CLOSE - EMPTY BOOZE BOTTLE - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL the bottle's on the floor next to the
text: couch Valiant's passed out on. He's still dressed in his
text: clothes. PAN the small studio apartment. In the
text: kitchen/alcove, Valiant has created a makeshift darkroom. We
text: see a curtain on a clothesline. Various trays, and some
text: pictures clipped up on clothespins. The pictures depict
dialog: Jessica Rabbit and Marvin Acme in various states of
text: pattycake. Now there is LOUD POUNDING on the door. But it
text: doesn't break through VaLiant's subconscious for several
text: seconds. Finally, he rouses, gets up and walks a crooked
text: line to the door. Valiant opens it and squints into the
text: excruciating sunlight. When his eyes focus, REVEAL a
text: hang-dog POLICE DETECTIVE holding Eddie's morning paper.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Lieutenant Santino... how ya doin'?
text: Santino ignores the question and regards Valiant with a
text: mixture of disgust and pity.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Tell me you didn't do a snoop job for
dialog: a Toon named Roger the Rabbit.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's what you woke me up for?
text: Santino flops open the morning paper. Valiant's eyes narrow
text: as he reads it. The headline screams: "TOON KILLS MAN!" And
text: underneath: "Marvin Acme Murdered at the Hands of Jealous
text: Rabbit". Santino throws the paper on the sofa.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: You got trouble, Eddie.
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FACTORY - DAY
text: An L.A. police car turns into the yard of the Acme factory
text: and pulls up in front of the old factory building. There's
text: all kinds of official activity in the yard... cop cars, a
dialog: Coroner's truck, etcetera.
text: Valiant and Santino get out of the police car. Santino
text: starts into the factory. But he realizes Valiant's not
text: following him. He turns to see Valiant looking over the wall
text: behind the factory, transfixed.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Just haven't been this close to
dialog: Toontown for awhile.
speaker_heading: VALIANT'S POV
text: The sky above the wall is a different color, a little bit
dialog: more vibrant, a "Toon Blue", you might call it.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
text: walks back and takes Valiant's arm.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Let's go, somebody wants to see you.
text: Santino leads Valiant into the factory.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - DAY
text: It's a large warehouse filled with stacks of Toon gags,..
text: boxes of dynamite, giant slingshots, boulders, everything
dialog: you've ever seen in a Roadrunner cartoon. Santino stops
text: where a large black safe is imbedded at a cockeyed angle in
text: the floor. A FORENSIC TEAM is at work around the safe.
text: They're chalking the outline around a body half obscured by
dialog: the safe.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: They say the rabbit got the safe idea
dialog: from a cartoon he was makin' the other
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What a gasser.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Wait here...
text: Santino walks to Acme's glassed office where a sobbing
text: Jessica Rabbit is being interrogated. We can only see her,
text: not the person doing the interrogating. Valiant sidles over
text: to where the Forensic Guys are dusting the photographs he had
text: taken for prints. One of the Forensic Guys looks up from his
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC #1
dialog: Say, didn't you used to be Eddie
dialog: Valiant?
text: Valiant ignores the slings and arrows and surveys the scene
text: of the crime. The door of the safe is ajar. Valiant tries
text: to look inside. Forensic #2 closes the door with his knee.
text: Now we HEAR the VOICE of Jessica Rabbit from behind them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Mr. Valiant?
text: Valiant turns to the voice. WHAP! Jessica slaps him hard
text: enough across the face to make his head turn.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I hope you're proud of yourself.
text: She turns on her heel and storms off, sobbing into a
text: handkerchief. Valiant, rubbing his jaw, looks after her. So
dialog: do the Forensic Guys.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC #1
dialog: She likes you, Valiant.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC #2
dialog: (low wolf
dialog: whistle)
dialog: When they drew her, they broke the
dialog: pencil.
text: Now two WHITE-JACKETS from the Coroner's office start to
text: carry Acme out on a stretcher. As they pass Valiant, a hand
text: still wearing a Hand Buzzer flops out. Valiant grabs it --
text: stopping the stretcher.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Makes you wonder what in the world she
dialog: was doin' with a guy who didn't clean
text: his fingernails.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HAND
text: Imbedded under the fingernails is a reddish-brown substance.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC #1
dialog: So... it's blood.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: peels a piece of it off... it chips and falls to the ground.
text: He squats to examine it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: It's not blood, it's paint.
text: Suddenly the end of a cane comes down on Valiant's hand,
text: pinning it to the floor. Valiant follows the cane UP to it's
text: gavel-shaped head -- past black pants, a black robe, to a
text: cadaver-like complected face, and a large hooked proboscis.
text: The head is shaved. Rimless tinted glasses obscure the eyes.
text: Although he's human, the total appearance is frighteningly
text: vulture-like. JUDGE DOOM is accompanied by Santino.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Is this man removing evidence from the
dialog: scene of a crime?
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: (deferential)
dialog: Uh... no, Judge Doom. Valiant here was
dialog: just about to hand it over, weren't
dialog: you, Valiant?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: I'll take that.
text: Doom takes his cane off Eddie's hand and reaches out for the
text: paint chip. Valiant palms a piece and drops a smaller piece
text: into Doom's hand. Doom examines it.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Looks like the deceased grabbed a
dialog: handful of your client's pantaloons,
dialog: Mr. Valiant.
text: Valiant stands to face the Judge, who towers over him.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: He's not my client. I was workin' for
dialog: R.K. Maroon.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon. He told
dialog: us the rabbit became quite agitated
dialog: when you showed him the pictures, and
dialog: said nothing would stand in the way of
dialog: him getting his wife back. Is that
dialog: true?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hey, pal, do I look like a
dialog: stenographer?
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Watch your mouth, Eddie, he's a judge.
text: Doom smiles thinly at Valiant, tarns and walks with purpose
text: towards the door. Santino and Valiant follow.
speaker_heading: DOOM
text: The rabbit's movements are fairly clear
dialog: after leaving the Maroon Studios. He
text: ran across the street, jimmied this
text: door open, hoisted the safe on a block
dialog: and tackle...
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FACTORY
text: Doom leads them outside and indicates a window.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: ... then stood out here waiting for his
text: prey. After he cold-bloodedly
dialog: accomplished his task, he went home.
dialog: He was almost apprehended there by my
dialog: men.
text: Doom nods his head toward a group of sinister WEASLES (a la
text: Disney's "Wind In The Willows"). They're loitering by a
text: dogcatcher's wagon with "Toontown Control" on the side,
text: cleaning their fingernails with switchblades and polishing
text: Toon revolvers.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Men? They look more like weasles to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Yes, I find that weasles have a special
dialog: gift for the work.
dialog: (turns back to
dialog: Valiant)
dialog: The rabbit didn't contact you by any
dialog: chance, did he?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Why would he contact me? I just took
text: some lousy pictures.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: So you wouldn't have any idea where he
dialog: might be?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Have you tried Walla Walla? Kokomo's
dialog: very nice this time of year.
text: Doom steps into Valiant's face.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: I'm surprised you aren't more
text: cooperative, Mr. Valiant. A human has
dialog: been murdered by a Toon. Don't you
dialog: appreciate the magnitude of that? My
dialog: goal as Judge of Toontown, has been to
dialog: rein in the insanity. To bring a
dialog: semblance of law and order to a place
dialog: where no civilized person has ever been
dialog: able to step foot.
dialog: The only way to do that is to make the
dialog: Toons respect the law.
text: Suddenly a "YA-HA-HOOEY" interrupts his pontification, as a
text: scruffy little TOON GOPHER comes hurtling over the wall from
text: the Toontown side. He's holding his blackened rear end...
text: apparently the result of a run-in with a stick of dynamite.
text: BONK! The Gopher hits Doom in the back of the head, sending
text: them both sprawling. The Gopher picks himself up and shakes
text: off the effects of the concusion. When he sees who he's
text: knocked down, he panics.
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: (petrified)
dialog: Judge Doom! Here, let me get that for
dialog: ya.
text: He whips a clothes brush out of his back pocket and furiously
text: tries to clean the Judge's cloak. Doom picks up the Gopher
text: by the scruff of the neck and gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Why, you filthy little vagrant, you've
dialog: soiled my robe!
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: It's cleanin' up real good. Judge.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: You've defiled a symbol of justice.
text: As Doom carries the Gopher to the "Toontown Control" wagon,
text: Valiant shoots a look to Santino.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Where'd this gargoyle come from anyway?
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: No one knows. He bought the election
dialog: a few years back. He's been rulin'
dialog: Toontown ever since.
text: When Doom gets to the wagon, the Weasles open up the back.
text: In place of steel bars is a stream of fluid. A Weasle turns
text: a key and the flow of liquid stops. The Gopher starts
text: kicking furiously, trying to avoid the lock-up.
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: Oh, no, Judge, please, please, lemme
dialog: go. I think I hear my mother callin'
dialog: me.
text: Finally, the Gopher breaks free and makes a desperate dash
text: for the wall. Doom watches him run and calmly turns to where
text: his car is parked. It's a black Lincoln touring car with an
text: ugly bird-like hood ornament.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Voltaire... the Gopher!
text: Suddenly. the hood ornament SQUAWKS to life. It's a hideous
text: TOON VULTURE. The Vulture flaps into flight.
text: Just as the Gopher is about to make it over the top of the
text: wall the Vulture's talons sink into his rear end and lift him
text: airborne. The Vulture drops the Gopher off with the Weasles.
text: They pin him down.
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: Hey, don't I have any rights?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Yes, you do... to a swift and speedy
dialog: trial.
text: One of the Weasles retrieves a briefcase from the sedan, puts
text: it on the hood and snaps it open. Twelve TOON KANGAROOS pop
text: up, arranged in a jury box.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
text: Court is now in session.
text: He raps the Gopher on the head with the gavel end of his
dialog: cane.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The defendant is charged with vagrancy,
dialog: assault and resisting arrest. How do
dialog: you find him?
text: The Kangaroo court delivers the verdict instantly. Twelve
text: LITTLE KANGAROOS pop up out of their Momma's pouches, holding
text: up small cards, each with a letter spelling Y-O-U A-R-E
scene_heading: G-U-I-L-T-Y.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Guilty as charged. Case closed!
text: Doom slams the briefcase shut. He turns his attention back
dialog: to the Gopher.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I hereby sentence you to the dip!
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: Oh no, not the dip! Anything but the
dialog: dip! I'm too young to die...
text: As the Judge pulls on a black rubber glove, the Weasles take
text: out a stainless steel tub WHEEZING with sadistic glee. They
text: fill it from a spigot on the truck.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What's with the dip?
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: That's how he gets rid of the
dialog: troublemakers. It's a combination of
text: acetone, turpentine and paint remover.
dialog: He calls it the... Final Solution.
speaker_heading: THE GOPHER
text: is wriggling and SCREAMING bloody murder as Doom lifts him up
text: and holds him over the tub. Then, as he's lowered into the
text: solution, he starts to disappear. His pathetic SCREAMS are
text: snuffed MID-YELP.
speaker_heading: GOPHER
dialog: Help! Help! He...
text: The Gopher's gone. All that's left of him is a paint slick
text: on the surface of the liquid.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Jesus.
text: Doom pulls off the black rubber gloves finger by finger and
text: hands them to a Weasle. He turns to Valiant.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: They're not kid gloves, Mr. Valiant.
dialog: but that's how we handle things in
dialog: Toontown. I would think you'd
dialog: appreciate that.
text: He gets into his car, he pauses and looks back at Valiant.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: After all, didn't a Toon kill your
dialog: brother?
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BAR - DAY
text: Dolores is behind the bar cutting lemon peels and preparing
text: for the day's bartending. There's one early customer, a
text: grey-haired TROLLEYMAN in his Red Car uniform. His hat's on
text: the stool next to him and he's already drunk. The door
text: opens. It's Valiant. He walks over to the bar, reaches for
text: a bottle and a shot glass and helps himself. Dolores picks
text: up a copy of the morning paper.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Hey, Eddie, looks like you really
dialog: stepped in it this time.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What are you complaining about? Here's
dialog: your fifty bucks.
text: Valiant slides the check across the bar.
speaker_heading: TROLLEYMAN
dialog: (mumbling to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Thirty-five years and all I got to show
dialog: for it is a ticket punch.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What's with Earl?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: A new outfit bought the Red Car. Some
dialog: big company called Cloverleaf
dialog: Industries.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No kiddin'? Bought the Red Cars, huh?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: Bastards put him on notice.
text: Valiant picks up his glass. lifts it in toast to the
dialog: Trolleyman.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Here's to the pencil pushers. May they
dialog: all get lead poisoning.
text: Now the Trolleyman unsteadily climbs up on his stool to get
text: close to the Holy Grail... the Red Car route map over the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: TROLLEYMAN
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: The old Number Six Line... who'da
dialog: thought they'd close that one down?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Eddie, get him down from there. He's
text: gonna break his neck.
text: Eddie grabs Earl around the legs and throws him over his
text: shoulder like a sack of potatoes. He carries him over to a
text: booth and puts him down carefully, covering him with a
text: tablecloth.
speaker_heading: TROLLEYMAN
dialog: Took you right to Toontown, it did.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I know, I know... poor S.O.B.
text: Valiant walks back to his drink at the bar.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Do you think the rabbit did it?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I don't wanna think. I wanna drink.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Make that a round.
text: Valiant and Dolores look down the bar, but there's no one
text: there. Finally the familiar cowlick of Baby Herman rises to
text: the top of the bar as he clambers up a barstool.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: We don't serve formula. Snookums.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: You serve martinis, doncha?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Yeah...
text: Baby Herman slides his baby bottle down the bar to Dolores.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Make it dry. Baby doesn't like to be
dialog: wet.
dialog: (to Valiant)
dialog: You're Valiant, right? The name's Baby
dialog: Herman.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I know who you are. Kinda out of your
dialog: neighborhood, aren't you?
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Yeah, I had to go slummin'. See, a
dialog: friend of mine's bein' framed.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You mean the rabbit? They got him
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: You don't believe that. I mean. the
dialog: guy's an idiot, a moron, a complete
dialog: fool... but he'd never kill anyone.
dialog: I know the guy.
text: Dolores brings Baby Herman his baby bottle cocktail.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Thanks, doll.
text: When Dolores turns around, Baby Herman pats her on the
dialog: bottom.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (over her
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Oh, a ladies man, huh?
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: (sotto voce; to
dialog: Valiant)
dialog: My problem is I got a fifty-year-old
text: lust and a three-year-old dinkie.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: My problem is I come here to drink in
dialog: peace. So if you don't mind...
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: C'mon, Valiant, doesn't this whole
dialog: thing smell a bit funny to you? I
dialog: mean, no offense, but how did a
dialog: mucky-muck like R.K. Maroon find you in
dialog: the first place?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (chiming in)
dialog: Yeah, Eddie, it's not like you got an
text: ad in the Yellow Pages.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Thanks for the vote of confidence.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: And another thing, the paper said no
dialog: will was found. But every Toon knows
dialog: Acme had a will and, in it he promised
dialog: to leave Toontown to the Toons.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So where is it then?
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: Somebody took it from him. That's what
dialog: this whole thing's about.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: The papers said the safe door was
dialog: opened, Eddie.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Stick to stuffin' the olives, willya,
dialog: Dolores?
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: My hunch is it was Maroon. He always
dialog: was after Acme's property.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah? Does he wear pants this color?
text: Valiant takes the paint chip out of his pocket and dangles it
text: in front of Baby Herman.
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: No. But neither does Roger. That's
text: Diablo Red. Roger's pants are Sunrise
dialog: Orange.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Well, I'll be...
speaker_heading: BABY HERMAN
dialog: So what's your next move, Valiant?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: My next move? That's easy. I'm
dialog: gettin' up, and I'm walkin' out the
dialog: door, and I'm goin' home to bed.
text: Valiant stands.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: So you're not even gonna bother to find
dialog: out if the rabbit's gettin' framed?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: He's a Toon... who cares?
text: Baby Herman shakes his head sorrowfully. As Valiant heads
text: for the door, Dolores whaps her towel down on the bar.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Well, you used to care, Eddie. And it
dialog: didn t matter if a client's skin was
dialog: black, white, or painted!
text: Valiant ignores her and walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. VALIANT'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Eddie comes in the door with his coat over his shoulder. He
text: tosses the jacket over the chair and walks to the Murphy bed.
text: He grabs the strap, and loosening his tie, walks away from
text: the wall, pulling the bed down. What he doesn't see is...
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
text: asleep in the bed.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: still with his back to Roger, sits down exhaustedly on the
text: bed and kicks off his shoes. He lies back and pulls the
text: covers over him. He closes his eyes, rolls over to get
text: comfortable. Now he and Roger are nose-to-nose. They both
text: open their eyes at the same time. They freak.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Aah!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Aah!
text: They both jump out of the bed.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What the hell are you doin'?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I needed a place to hide. I'm in
dialog: trouble, Eddie.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So I hear. Even talkin' to you could
dialog: get me a rap for aiding and abetting.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Don't worry, Eddie, no one knows I'm
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Oh, yeah? Then how'd you find my
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well, I asked the newsboy on the
dialog: corner. He didn't know. Then I asked
text: a janitor, the fireman and finally the
dialog: green grocer down the way. He was very
dialog: helpful.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: In other words, the whole goddamn world
dialog: knows you're here! Out! Get out!
text: Eddie tries to open the door, but Roger blocks it
text: spider-like, arms and legs extended.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Please, Eddie, don't put me out. I
dialog: didn't do it, I swear.
text: Valiant gives up trying to open the door and grabs Roger. He
text: pulls and he pulls. Finally Roger snaps off like a broken
text: rubber band. The two of them go tumbling backward. Valiant
text: makes a grab for Roger but he slips out of his grasp like
dialog: quicksilver.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sure I wanted to win Jessy back, but
dialog: not that way.
text: Valiant lunges again. Roger dodges.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: After I left you, I went to see her at
dialog: the Ink & Paint Club.
text: Valiant picks himself up and tries to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: She was on stage, so I found a piece of
dialog: paper and wrote her a love letter.
text: Roger pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and starts
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'Dear Jessy. How do I love thee? Let
dialog: me count the ways. 1-1000, 2-1000,
dialog: 3-1000...
text: Valiant leaps for Roger and gets bim by the throat. He rips
text: the paper out of Roger's hand and crumples it up and throws
text: it down. He opens the door, throws Roger outside and quickly
text: slams the door shut. He leans against it, breathing hard.
text: Suddenly, Roger comes through the mail slot like a limbo
text: dancer. Valiant, too tired to chase him, just watches him.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, that wasn't very nice.
text: He retrieves the love letter, straightens it and puts it back
text: in his pocket.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It took me almost an hour to compose
dialog: that. But I decided not to leave it
dialog: anyway. I'd read it in person, that
dialog: was my plan.
text: Valiant crosses to the kitchen area where the dark room is
text: still set up. He opens the cabinet under the sink and comes
text: out with a bottle of Scotch. He takes a shot glass and pours
dialog: himself one.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Look, pal, if you're still here when I
dialog: finish this drink, I'm callin' the
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Don't do that! I'm innocent I tell ya.
dialog: The police'll just dip me. They were
dialog: waitin' for me when I got home last
dialog: night. I ran.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: If you're so innocent, why'd you run?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Gee, Eddie, I'm a rabbit. We always
dialog: run.
text: Valiant shoots the drink down and holds up the empty glass.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's it.
text: He crosses to the phone on the counter. He lifts the
text: receiver and starts to dial.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well, this is the moment of truth! And
dialog: I've spoken the truth, but you won't
dialog: believe the truth. So I guess the
dialog: truth is my goose is cooked, my hash is
dialog: slung. my fait is accompli.
text: As Valiant finishes dialing, he idly puts the empty shot
text: glass down on a photograph on the counter.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Won't anything change your mind?
text: Valiant turns from the pleading rabbit. Now something he
text: sees on the counter gets his attention.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH SHOT GLASS
text: The shot glass is resting on one of the reject pictures of
text: Acme and Jessica. The bottom of the glass is magnifying the
text: back of the exuberant Marvin Acme. Sticking out of his back
text: pocket is a legal folder headed "Last Will and Testament".
speaker_heading: CLOSE - VALIANT
text: He looks as if the truth has just hit him in the face.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: The goddamn will.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: L.A.P.D.?
text: Valiant slowly returns the phone to the cradle,
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: You mean you believe me?
text: Now outside we HEAR TIRES SCREECHING to a stop. Roger runs
text: to the window and pulls back the drapes. His eyes bug out of
text: his head.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: It's Toon Control!
text: Valiant comes to the window and looks out, too.
speaker_heading: VALIANT'S POV
text: The Toon Control wagon has stopped in front of the house.
text: The Weasles pile out. One of them takes what looks like a
text: butterfly net out of the back. Several others grab violin
dialog: cases.
speaker_heading: EDDIE AND ROGER
text: Valiant jerks Roger back behind the curtain.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Get away from that window.
text: Roger, elated, jumps into Valiant's arms.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: You're gonna help me? How can I ever
dialog: thank you?
text: He plants a big wet Toon kiss on Valiant's lips.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: For starters... don't ever kiss me.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW
text: The Weasles are filing up the walk to the front door. The
text: leader pounds on the front door.
speaker_heading: WEASLE
dialog: Police...
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW
text: Valiant puts Roger down.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I'll talk to 'em. Find a place to
dialog: hide.
text: Roger zips to the closet door and goes inside.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Not in there. That's the first place
dialog: they'll look.
text: Valiant goes to the closet and opens the door. REVEAL Roger
text: is now dressed in Eddie's trenchcoat and hat. Playfully,
text: Roger snaps one of the handcuffs onto Eddie's wrist. He's
text: got the Other attached to one of his wrists.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Eddie Valiant... you're under arrest!
dialog: Just kidding...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You idiot. I lost the key for those
dialog: cuffs.
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The KNOCKING is more impatient. Valiant
text: looks to the door.
speaker_heading: WEASLE (O.S.)
dialog: Open up!
scene_heading: EXT. VALIANT'S DOOR
text: The Weasles open the violin cases and take out real tommy guns
text: and shoulder them in teams of two. Suddenly they unleash a
text: torrent of MACHINE GUN FIRE, making the outline of a weasle
text: in the door with BULLETS. The leader blows on the cut-out
text: and it falls in. The Weasles file through one by one.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: The Weasles don't bother to look around. They all just start
text: BLASTING. Bullets fly every which way. The barrage destroys
text: Valiant's apartment in a matter of seconds. When the
text: shooting stops and the smoke clears, the Weasles look around.
text: The head Weasle spots blood all over the kitchen floor.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1
dialog: We got him.
text: But when he looks behind the counter, it's only a shattered
text: ketchup bottle.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF APARTMENT
text: Eddie and Roger, handcuffed together, are beating it down the
text: alley. Roger, being a rabbit, is beating it a lot faster.
text: He's kicking up dust, his legs are blur. Valiant stumbles
text: trying to keep up. When they round the corner, Roger slams
text: on the brakes, Toon style. Valiant goes skidding past him and
text: is jerked to a stop like a dog on a short leash.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hey! What do you think you're doin'?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Sorry, Eddie, I forgot you're not a
dialog: Toon.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Don't ever forget that.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - BACK WINDOW - THE WEASLES
text: come piling out the window. They start sniffing the ground.
text: Suddenly one of them freezes on point, like a dog. Another
text: blows a HUNTER'S HORN and they're off on the trail.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EDDIE AND ROGER
text: emerge from the alley. They pause momentarily to
text: reconnoiter. Eddie decides to go left, Roger right. When
text: they get to the end of the cuffs, they snap back into a pile.
text: Valiant gets back to his feet and hauls Roger up angrily.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: This way, goof...
text: They start across the street. But Roger goes on one side of
text: the Street sign, Eddie the other. Roger coils around it like
text: a tether ball. Valiant yanks Roger off the sign and they
text: duck across the street just as a trolley car passes.
speaker_heading: THE WEASLES
text: come bloodhounding around the corner. They search the street
text: for signs of the fugitive. But when they get to the trolley
text: tracks, they stop, bewildered.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1
text: Scent's cold.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #2
dialog: Pssst.
text: He points toward the trolley car pulling into the Terminal
text: Station. They fall all over themselves scurrying over to the
text: trolley. They surround it and jump aboard, tommy-gun at the
dialog: ready.
scene_heading: INT. RED CAR
text: The CONDUCTOR raises his hands like it was a hold-up. A
text: couple PASSENGERS scream as the Weasles search the car. But
text: no Roger or Eddie. As quickly as they got on, they get off.
scene_heading: EXT. RED CAR
text: as it pulls away. The Weasles look around perplexed.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1
dialog: Funny... I could swear I smelled
dialog: rabbit.
speaker_heading: ANGLE FROM ABOVE
text: Eddie and Roger are balanced on the trolley wire above the
text: Weasles' heads. As the Weasles sniff around the barn, Eddie
text: and Roger ease along the wire, using the wall of the Terminal
dialog: Bar to lean on.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BAR - KITCHEN
text: Dolores is preparing corned beef and cabbage. The RADIO is
text: PLAYING "MARES EAT OATS". A NEWSCASTER breaks into the
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: News flash... Hollywood. Citywide
dialog: Toonhunt for Roger Rabbit, suspect in
text: Acme slaying. Police describe him as
text: short, cuddly... and psychotic.
text: Dolores turns just as Roger's grinning face appears in the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Mother Mary...
text: Now Eddie's face comes into view. He motions for her to open
dialog: the window.
text: OUTSIDE THE WINDOW
text: Roger and Eddie watch another trolley approach. The contact
text: arm sparks its way along the wire as it rolls along towards
text: them. Valiant watches as Dolores struggles to get the window
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hurry, hurry...
text: At the last second, the window opens. Eddie jumps for the
text: sill, Roger dangling from the cuffs as the trolley passes.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Dolores helps pull Valiant through the window. Then he drags
dialog: Roger inside.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Jesus, Eddie, is this who I think it
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Dolores, meet Roger Rabbit.
text: Roger bows at the waist, takes her hand and kisses it like
dialog: Charles Boyer
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Charmed, enchanted, pleasure's all
dialog: mined.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Where'd you find him?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: The Toon Fairy left him under my
dialog: pillow.
text: Now Roger spots a plate of freshly shucked corn.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: May I?
text: Before she can answer, he grabs an ear, presses it to his
text: lips and applies the typewriter method to it. When he gets
dialog: to the end of a row, we even HEAR the BING!
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: He's a riot.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Oh, yeah? Well, you're not handcuffed
dialog: to him.
dialog: (holds up
dialog: cuffs)
dialog: Anybody in the back room?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: It's all yours.
text: We FOLLOW Dolores as she leads Valiant and Roger across the
text: hall. She stops at a door, unlocks it, and leads them in.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM
text: It's a tiny storage room/office with an institutional metal
text: desk, a cot, and assorted janitorial supplies stacked around.
text: Dolores shuts and locks the door behind her. Valiant goes to
text: a metal locker and digs through some tools, coming out with a
text: hacksaw. He sits on the cot and starts working on the cuffs.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: So you decided to help him after all?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I oughta have my head examined.
dialog: (to Roger)
dialog: Will you hold still?
text: Roger quiets like a child for a moment as Valiant saws
text: feverishly. Then Roger slips his hand out of the cuff and
text: holds his side while Eddie keeps sawing.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Does this help?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, that's better.
text: Valiant saws a couple more strokes before the realization of
text: what Roger's done hits him. His face darkens. Roger sees
text: the look and sheepishly tries to recover by sticking his hand
text: back in the cuff.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You mean to tell me you coulda taken
dialog: your hand outta that cuff at any time?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well, no, not any time. Only when it
dialog: was funny.
text: Valiant looks at Roger like he's about to brain him. Roger
text: pulls his hand free again, and cowers out of range. Valiant
text: just rubs his forehead.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Are you always this funny, or only on
dialog: days when you're wanted for murder?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: My philosophy is if you don't have a
dialog: sense of humor, you're better off dead.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah... well you just might get your
dialog: wish.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Can you get him out of it, Eddie?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: If I can find whoever wanted to kill
dialog: Acme bad enough to get this.
text: Valiant throws the pattycake picture down on the table.
text: Dolores and Roger both examine it closely.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Acme's will.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: So that's what this little drama is all
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah. I think Maroon plays the part of
dialog: the sound mind, your wife the sound
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I resent that innuendo! My wife is
text: completely innocent.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Your wife may be a lot of things, pal,
dialog: but innocent isn't one of them.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: So what's the scam, Eddie?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Maybe Baby Herman was right. Somebody
dialog: wants Acme's property. Cack the old
dialog: man, pin it on Roger, and destroy the
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
text: The habeus corpus is thickening.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah. Except they screwed up. I don't
dialog: think they got the will.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, Acme had the will in his pocket
text: that night at the club. It was gone in
dialog: the morning when the cops found the
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Maybe they just took it out of his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Then why'd they bother to crack the
dialog: safe? You can drop a Mosler 90 from
dialog: Mount Baldy and it won't open.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants Detective, your
dialog: logic is specious. What prevented Mr.
dialog: Acme from putting the will back in the
dialog: safe before they killed him?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: Because he's not forty feet tall. The
dialog: safe was up on the ceiling, remember?
text: Dolores whistles over his deductions.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Eddie, you still got it. Hey, tomorrow
dialog: maybe I'll go down to probate court and
dialog: see who's sniffin' around Acme's
dialog: estate?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, do that. I'm gonna go rattle
text: Maroon's cage.
text: Valiant finishes sawing the cuffs. He stands and throws the
text: cuffs aside. Valiant and Dolores go to the door. Roger
text: follows them eagerly.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: What should I do? Who should I see?
dialog: Where should I go?
text: Valiant turns.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Nothin', no one, nowhere,
text: He slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. POLO LOUNGE - CLOSE - MAROON
text: He's in a booth in the middle of a business lunch.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Maybe money grows on trees in Toontown,
dialog: but not at the Maroon Studio.
text: WIDEN THE SHOT to REVEAL that Maroon's sharing a booth with
text: BUGS BUNNY and his AGENT. Bugs is chewing on a carrot.
speaker_heading: BUGS BUNNY
dialog: Look, Doc, fiduciary considerations
dialog: aside, Roger Rabbit may have been
dialog: willing to play second banana to an
dialog: ankle-biter, but I ain't.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: A MAITRE D' is leading Valiant and Augie, the deaf-mute to a
text: table by the door.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: This'll be fine, huh, Augie?
text: Augie nods his head. They sit and pick up the menus. Augie
text: takes one peek and looks at Valiant, alarmed. He scribbles a
text: note. Valiant reads it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Forget about the prices, pal. If you
dialog: want the shrimp cocktail, you have a
dialog: shrimp cocktail.
dialog: (puts menu
dialog: down)
dialog: Excuse me, Augie, I've got a little
text: table-hopping to do.
text: Valiant gets up from the table and starts across the room.
scene_heading: AT MAROON'S BOOTH
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: I think you should know, R.K., we're in
dialog: negotiations for Bugs to star in his
dialog: own series at Warner Brothers.
speaker_heading: MAROON
text: Trying to scare up a bidding war
dialog: between me and Jack Warner, eh? Well,
dialog: it won't work. I'll call William
dialog: Morris and I'll have 'em put out a
dialog: rabbit call the likes of which this
dialog: town's never seen!
speaker_heading: BUGS BUNNY
dialog: It's your dime, Doc.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: And stop callin' me Doc!
speaker_heading: BUGS BUNNY
dialog: Eh, sure, Doc.
text: Now Valiant arrives, pulls up a chair from next table and
text: sits down.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hi, Mr. Maroon. Remember me?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Valiant? What're you doin' here?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I Just thought I'd drop by and show you
text: a photograph.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: I've already seen your photographs.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, but I enlarged this one. Thought
dialog: you might be interested.
text: Valiant takes an enlargement of the pattycake shot and puts
text: it on the table in front of Maroon. We can clearly see the
text: will sticking out of Acme's pocket.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Anyway... enjoy your lunch.
text: Valiant stands and departs. But his visit has done it's
text: trick. Maroon looks l'ike he's seen a ghost. We FOLLOW
text: Valiant across the room to his table where Augie is
text: blissfully attacking a shrimp cocktail.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: How is that, Augie, pretty good?
text: Augie nods enthusiastically. Valiant keeps an eye on
text: Maroon's booth. Now he nudges Augie as Maroon excuses
text: himself and goes into the phone booth just outside the door.
text: Augie puts his shrimp fork down and picks up his pencil.
speaker_heading: AUGIE'S POV
text: We see Maroon talk on the phone MOS. As his lips move,
text: Valiant supplies his words.
speaker_heading: VALIANT (V.O.)
dialog: It's me. Valiant says there's a will.
dialog: I don't know what he's trying to
dialog: pull...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Valiant is reading of Augie's pad as Augie reads Maroon's
text: lips, and scribbles down what he says.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Somebody's gonna have to take care of
dialog: him.
text: Augie looks up from his scribbling to exchange an eyebrow
text: raising glance with Valiant. Then he turns back to Maroon
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (reading)
dialog: The old man had it at the club that
dialog: night. That's right. Yeah, I'm sure.
dialog: I'll be there.
text: Augie stops writing as Maroon hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing; to
dialog: Augie)
dialog: Where?
text: Augie shrugs his shoulders. Disappointed, Valiant lights a
text: cigarette. Now Augie elbows him and gestures across at
text: Maroon, who's making another call. Augie starts writing
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: reading)
dialog: Iris... cancel my appointments this
dialog: afternoon. I'll be at Forest Lawn.
text: Maroon hangs up the phone and comes out of the phone booth.
text: He hustles out of the room. Valiant stands.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You did great, Augie. Have another
dialog: shrimp cocktail.
text: Valiant drops a twenty on the table and pats Augie on the
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL
text: A CARHOP wheels a yellow Packard up in front. Maroon climbs
text: in and ROARS off. Valiant ENTERS THE FRAME. He looks after
text: Maroon, then calmly starts walking down the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST LAWN CEMETERY - RED CAR STOP - DAY
text: A Red Car pulls up. Valiant climbs off. He calmly crosses
text: the street and ducks behind the cemetery entranceway as
text: Maroon's Packard ROARS through.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Love that Red Car.
text: As Valiant starts to walk up the hill...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE ACME FUNERAL SITE - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: A hearse, and a line of black limos are parked in the lane.
text: Nearby, Marvin Acme's funeral is in progress. Clustered
text: around a gravesite are the mourners... TOONS of every stripe.
text: There's MICKEY MOUSE comforting MINNIE. TOM AND JERRY.
text: HECKLE AND JECKLE. CHIP 'N DALE. Everyone from the famous
text: to the not so famous is in attendance. The eulogy is being
text: delivered in a familiar blustery Southern VOICE. It's
scene_heading: FOGHORN LEGHORN.
speaker_heading: FOGHORN LEGHORN
dialog: Today we commit the body of brother
dialog: Acme to the cold, I say cold, cold
dialog: ground. We shed no tears for we know
dialog: that Marvin is going to a better place.
dialog: That high, high, I say that
text: high-larious place up in the sky.
text: Foghorn Leghorn dramatically points skyward.
speaker_heading: TOONS
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: A-men!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - VALIANT
text: is leaning up against a palm tree on the hill. We have been
text: watching the proceedings from his POV. Now he sees Maroon's
text: car pull up. He moves around to the other side of the tree
text: as Maroon passes and starts wending his way through the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: AT THE GRAVESITE
text: Foghorn Leghorn nods to the funeral DIRECTOR, a pasty-faced
text: human in a black mourning coat. The Director starts to turn
text: the crank lowering the coffin into the grave.
speaker_heading: FOGHORN LEGHORN
dialog: Give us a sign, brother Herman, that
dialog: you've arrived...
text: Much to the funeral Director's amazement, the crank starts
text: PLINKING Out the tune to "POP GOES THE WEASLE". Now the Toon
text: mourners pick up on it and join in.
speaker_heading: TOONS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Round and round the mullberry bush, The
dialog: monkey chased the weasle...
text: The crank and SONG start going FASTER AND FASTER.
speaker_heading: TOONS
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: singing)
dialog: The monkey raid it all was in fun. POP!
dialog: Goes the weasle.
text: Suddenly half of the lid to Acme's coffin flies open and a
text: harlequin CLOWN BOI-YOI-YOINGS out. The funeral Director
text: faints dead away as the Toon SOBS turn to LAUGHTER. The
text: Toons turn and head away from the grave comforted by a
text: funeral befitting a gag king. They climb into their cars and
text: SCREECH off like the start of the Indy 500. One mourner is
text: left at the gravesite. Sitting in a chair dabbing at her
text: eyes with a handkerchief is Jessica Rabbit. Maroon walks up
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: So... trying to pull a fast one on me,
dialog: huh?
text: Jessica turns, startled. She stands and faces Maroon.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: smiles and leans in. This is the moment he's been waiting
text: for. Now just as the conversation begins, it is drowned out
text: by the NOISE from a LAWN MOWER. Valiant turns to see a
text: GARDENER riding around on a small tractor cutting the grass.
text: Valiant tries to flag him down as he watches Maroon and
text: Jessica having an arguement. There's accusatory finger
text: pointing. In pantomime, Maroon gestures into his pocket as
text: if describing the position of Acme's will.
text: Jessica tries to leave. He grabs her arm. They're screaming
text: at each other but we don't hear a word. Valiant waves
text: frantically for the Gardener to cut the machine. But the
text: Gardener misconstrues it as a friendly greeting and waves
text: back. Valiant turns in time to see Jessica kick Maroon in
text: the groin and stomp off to a red Auburn Speedster. She jumps
text: in and speeds away as Maroon staggers back to his car. The
text: Gardener stops the tractor next to Valiant. He SHUTS OFF THE
text: ENGINE. The cemetery is completely still again.
speaker_heading: GARDENER
dialog: Somethin' you want, mister?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Not anymore...
scene_heading: EXT. INK & PAINT CLUB - ALLEY - NIGHT
text: A Steinway piano truck is parked next to the stage door. TWO
text: husky PIANO MOVERS are rolling a baby grand up the ramp to
text: the stage door. They knock on the door. The Gorilla opens
text: it and they muscle the piano inside. After a moment, they
text: reemerge. We FOLLOW them back to the truck where a second
text: baby grand stands ready to be moved.
speaker_heading: MOVER #1
dialog: I don't know about you, but it makes me
dialog: sick to think of these beautiful pianos
dialog: gettin' chopped into match sticks every
dialog: night by those screwy ducks.
text: Struggling, they push this second piano into the club.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - BACKSTAGE
text: They roll the piano over to the wall and park it next to the
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: MOVER #2
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: And they call it entertainment.
text: As they go out the stage door, MOVE IN on the baby grand.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PIANO - VALIANT
text: is lying prone -- using the Steinway as his own Trojan Horse.
text: He lifts the piano lid to climb out, but then HEARS FOOTSTEPS
text: approaching. He lowers the lid again. Now someone starts
text: testing the keys. We see the hammers strike the strings,
text: RUNNING UP THE SCALES until they reach the one under
text: Valiant's nose. The hammer whacks Valiant's nose on the
text: backswing and strikes the string making a terrible SOUR NOTE.
speaker_heading: DONALD DUCK (V.O.)
dialog: (exasperated
speaker_heading: QUACK)
dialog: Phooey! Out of tune again!
speaker_heading: DAFFY DUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Not to worry, Donald. We can fix that
dialog: with my sledgehammer.
speaker_heading: DONALD DUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Never mind, Daffy. I've got an axe in
dialog: my dressing room.
text: Valiant's eyes widen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON PIANO
text: as the VOICES of Daffy and Donald recede, Valiant raises the
text: lid and quickly climbs out. He eases over to Jessica's
text: dressing room. As he starts to open the door, he HEARS
text: SCUFFLING from inside. Valiant puts his ear to the door.
text: More SCUFFLING. Valiant straightens, then suddenly whips the
text: door open and flicks on the light.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM
text: Nobody's there. Perplexed, Valiant closes the door behind
text: him and checks behind the dressing screen. In the closet.
text: No one. He shrugs and starts to search the room. He goes to
text: Jessica's dressing table and rifles the drawers. In her
text: purse he discovers a Toon revolver. He examines it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Girl's gotta protect herself.
text: Valiant puts the gun back in the purse and closes the drawer.
text: As he stands, he pauses to consider a Hurrel-like
text: black-and-white photo of Roger Rabbit in a silver deco frame.
text: He's dramatically posed with a cigarette like he was Tyrone
dialog: Power.
text: Valiant shakes his head and turns from the table. Something
text: catches his eye.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FLOOR
text: Behind the dressing table, the corner of a piece of blue
text: paper peeks out. Valiant stoops down and fishes it out.
dialog: It's a cover for a legal document -- "Last Will and Testament
dialog: -- Marvin Acme".
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: stands, pleased. He opens the blue folder. But it's empty.
text: Valiant puts it in his inside pocket and turns to go when
text: suddenly an unseen hand flicks the lights off.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Son of a bitch...
text: We can't see anything in the darkness. But we hear the SOUND
text: of A FISTFIGHT. There's the CRASHING of lamps and furniture
text: breaking. Now the door opens for a second as the assailant
text: escapes. Light floods in the room, illuminating Valiant on
text: the floor with a curtain wrapped around his head. As he
text: struggles free the door closes. The room is dark again.
text: Valiant scrambles to the door. When he whips it open, REVEAL
text: the Gorilla framed in the doorway. Valiant is frozen. The
text: Gorilla flicks on the light. He smiles wickedly.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: And here I tought we had mice.
text: Valiant tries to make a break for it. WHAM! The Gorilla
text: lays him out cold with a right cross.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: VALIANT'S POV FROM FLOOR
text: As his vision comes INTO FOCUS, Valiant sees the Gorilla,
text: Jessica Rabbit, the Weasles and Judge Doom are standing over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GORILLA
dialog: ... I caught him rummagin' around in
dialog: here. Then I called you, Judge, on a
dialog: counta you be da one we pay juice to.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (clears throat)
dialog: You did the right thing, Bongo.
speaker_heading: THE WEASLES
text: pull a groggy Valiant upright and plop him in a chair in
text: front of Doom.
speaker_heading: DOOM
text: Being caught breaking and entering is
dialog: not very good advertising for a
dialog: detective. What were you looking for,
dialog: Mr. Valiant?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Ask her...
text: Valiant nods toward Jessica, who stands coolly smoking a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Last week some heavy breather wanted
dialog: one of my nylons as a souvenir. Maybe
dialog: that's what he was after?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Look, doll, if I wanted underwear, I
dialog: woulda broken into Frederick's of
dialog: Hollywood. I was lookin' for Marvin
dialog: Acme's will.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Marvin Acme had no will. I should
dialog: know, the probate is in my court.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: He had a will, all right. She took it
dialog: off Acme the night she and R.K. Maroon
text: knocked him off. Then she set up her
dialog: loving husband to take the fall.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: You, Mr. Valiant, are either drunk or
text: punch drunk. Probably both.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: These are bold accusations, Mr.
dialog: Valiant. I hope you have some proof?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I found the cover the will came in
text: behind the dressing table.
text: Valiant reaches into his pocket. But the blue envelope is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: They must've taken it off me.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: They?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: The other people who were in here
dialog: lookin' for the will. I woulda caught
dialog: 'em if Cheetah here hadn't interrupted
dialog: me.
text: The Gorilla makes a move for Valiant. Doom stops him.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Take it easy, Bongo. We'll handle Mr.
dialog: Valiant our own way... downtown.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Downtown? Fine. Get a hold of
dialog: Santino, I'd be more than glad to talk
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Oh, not that downtown. Toontown.
text: The mention of Toontown has a visible impact on Valiant.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: You're not takin' me to downtown
dialog: Toontown?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Indeed we are. We'll continue the
dialog: interrogation there.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (very agitated)
dialog: I ain't tellin' you nothin'! Get me
dialog: Santino.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: You're a very stubborn man, Mr.
dialog: Valiant. Very pig-headed. Boys, show
dialog: Mr. Valiant how we handle pig-headed
dialog: men at the Toontown station...
text: As the Weasles drag Valiant out of the room...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No... you bastards! Leggo of me!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The Toon Control Wagon streaks along with the cat SIREN
text: WAILING. It flashes by then slams on the brakes at the
text: entrance to an eerie tunnel. A sign next to the tunnel says:
dialog: "Toontown".
scene_heading: INT. WAGON
text: The Weasles look over at the bound and gagged Valiant. One
text: of them turns Valiant's head to look at the Toontown sign.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1
dialog: What're you shakin' for? Didn't you
dialog: have a good time last time you were
dialog: here?
text: With a wicked WHEEZE, the driver floors it.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL
text: The wagon disappears into the murky darkness. PAN UP to the
text: night sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE SKY - MORNING
text: PAN DOWN to the tunnel. We can't see into the darkness but
text: we HEAR HOOTING and HOLLERING from within. GUNS going off,
text: FIRECRACKERS EXPLODING, WHIPS CRACKING, all accompanied by
text: the WHEEZING LAUGHTER of the Weasles.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Soo-eey! Soo-eey!
speaker_heading: WEASLE #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Let him go, boys. I think he's got the
dialog: message.
text: After a beat, Valiant comes staggering out of the tunnel.
text: He's got a burlap sack over his head tied around his waist.
text: Behind him, the Weasles emerge holding paint cans and
text: brushes. They watch as he trips and falls by the side of the
text: road. The Weasles GIGGLE victoriously and head back inside.
text: Valiant lies there for a moment, catching his breath. Then
text: he struggles to free his hands. Finally he rips the sack off
text: his head and sits up.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - VALIANT
text: We see he's got a huge Toon pig with a goofy grin painted
text: over his head. Valiant pulls and tugs on it, but this is a
text: costume that won't come off. Valiant curses, gets to his
text: feet and stumbles down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. RED CAR STOP
text: Valiant gets in the back of the line of PASSENGERS boarding
dialog: the Red Car.
scene_heading: INT. RED CAR - VALIANT
text: steps aboard. The Trolleyman, who we recognize as Earl from
text: the Terminal bar, does a double-take when he sees the
text: ridiculously silly looking man/Toon.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Here's one for the books... a Toon
dialog: wearin' human clothes.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Earl... it's me, Valiant.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Eddie? Jesus, what happened?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Toon cops worked me over.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Boy, I'll say. They gave you a real
dialog: Toon-a-Roo.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (apprehensively)
dialog: What am I, Earl?
text: Earl breaks the news to Valiant soberly.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You're a pig... a happy-go-lucky pig.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Does it hurt?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Not much. It's hard to talk.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Uh, Eddie, do me a favor. Could you
dialog: sit in the back so you won't cause as
text: much of a commotion.
text: Valiant tries to pull the brim of his hat down. But it's
text: comically small on the huge head. He makes his way down the
text: aisle past a veritable gauntlet of RAZZING, poking, tripping
text: PASSENGERS. Finally he finds an empty seat in the back as
text: the Red Car starts up.
speaker_heading: A LITTLE KID
text: wearing a baseball cap is sitting a few seats away with his
text: MOTHER. The Kid looks back at Eddie and laughs. He leans
text: over and whispers something to his Mom.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Can I, Mom?
speaker_heading: MOMMY
dialog: Go ahead, darling. Take your bat.
text: The Kid takes his baseball bat and approaches Valiant
text: innocently.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Hi, Mr. Pig. If I hit you on the head,
dialog: will you make me a cuckoo bird?
text: The Kid starts to take a swing with the bat.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Kid, if you hit me on the head, I'm
dialog: gonna throw you out this window.
text: The Kid's eyes widen in terror. This is not a typical Toon
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Mommy!
scene_heading: INT. VALIANT'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - DAY
text: We hear the SOUND of the SHOWER. Valiant's hand reaches out
text: past the shower curtain and grabs for a bottle. But it's not
text: shampoo. It's turpentine.
speaker_heading: VALIANT (O.S.)
dialog: Dammit!
scene_heading: CLOSE - TUB DRAIN
text: The water swirling down the drain is tinged with paint of
dialog: different colors.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - VALIANT
text: He scrubs manically until the last of the pig head is gone.
text: He rinses off and he feels around his face. The absence of
text: the Toon mask seems to bring him some relief. He shuts off
text: the shower and slides the shower curtain back.
scene_heading: VALIANT'S POV - JESSICA RABBIT
text: is leaning up against the doorjamb, dressed as usual, in a
text: black cocktail dress with elbow length gloves and pearls.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Hello, Mr. Valiant. I rang the
dialog: doorbell, but I guess you couldn't hear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's because I don't have a doorbell.
text: Jessica, caught in her lie, flutters her eyelids nervously.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Oh... well, I... I just had to see you.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Okay, you've seen me. Now give me a
dialog: towel.
text: As she hands him a towel, she stares down at his anatomy.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: What's that thing?
text: Valiant looks down at what she's referring to.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Come on, lady, haven't you ever seen a
dialog: mole before?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Toons aren't given imperfections.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No? I guess we're not counting lying,
dialog: stealing and murder.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: You've got the wrong idea about me.
dialog: I'a a pawn in this just like poor
dialog: Roger. Can you help me find him? I'll
dialog: pay you anything.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, I'll bet you would. You gotta
dialog: have the rabbit to make the scam work.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: No, no, no... I love my husband.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Oh, sure. I can just feature you
dialog: standin' outside your little hutch,
dialog: holdin' a carrot cake waitin' for hubby
dialog: to come home.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Oh, please don't make fun of me, Mr,
dialog: Valiant. You don't know how hard it is
dialog: being a woman looking the way I do.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, well, you don't know how hard it
text: is bein' a man looking at a woman
dialog: looking the way you do.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I'm not complainin'. But give me
dialog: credit. I'm the guy who took the
dialog: pictures of you and Acme playin'
dialog: pattycake, remember?
text: Jessica takes a cigarette out of her purse. She lights it
text: and blows a cloud of Toon smoke. It forms a recreation of
dialog: what she describes.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Maroon came to me. He told me he'd
dialog: fire Roger if I didn't do it. I went
dialog: along with him for Roger's sake. It
dialog: was only pattycake, after all.
text: Valiant waves at the smoke scene, dispelling it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So altruistic.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: It's the truth. Why won't you believe
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills. I
dialog: don't know what you're up to, lady, but
dialog: I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: If I'm as bad as you think, what's
dialog: stopping me from just killing you right
dialog: now?
text: Valiant reaches behind him and picks up a small cup on the
dialog: sink.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: This cup of turpentine right here. Go
dialog: for that gun in your purse and I'm
dialog: gonna let you have it.
text: Jessica breaks down and starts sobbing.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Oh, Mr, Valiant, please... you're my
dialog: only hope.
text: She comes to Eddie and hugs him, burying her head in his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: I'm weak... you're strong. Can't you
dialog: find a place somewhere in your heart to
dialog: help me?
text: Valiant looks down at the luscious creature in his arms,
text: considering the request. The moment is interrupted by the
text: CLEARING of a VOICE.
speaker_heading: DOLORES (O.C.)
dialog: Dabblin' in watercolors, Eddie?
text: Valiant, still in just a towel, sheepishly turns to face
text: Dolores, who's standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Dolores...
text: Dolores regards Jessica with undisguised contempt.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Lemme guess... your cousin from Des
dialog: Moines?
text: Jessica straightens her dress.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Perhaps I should go.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Must you?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Goodbye, Eddie... don't hate me.
text: Jessica blows Eddie a TOON KISS which flies across the room,
text: landing on Eddie's cheek. She saunters past the smoldering
text: Dolores and out the door. Dolores walks to Eddie and peels
text: the kiss off his cheek. She crumples it up and throws it
text: down in the wastebasket.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That was the rabbit's wife.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: The rabbit's wife? Wanna tell me what
dialog: she was doin' with her arms around you?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Probably lookin' for a good place to
text: stick a knife.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I just stopped by to tell you that I
dialog: checked out the Acme probate.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Maroon, right?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Nope. It's that Cloverleaf outfit
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What the hell would they want with a
dialog: gag factory?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Got me. But unless the will shows up
dialog: by Friday midnight, it's theirs.
text: As Valiant considers this new development, he cocks an ear.
text: In the distance, we HEAR FAINT SINGING.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What's that comin' from the bar?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Sounds like singin'.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Oh, no...
text: As Valiant grabs his pants...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL BAR - DAY
text: Roger's out all right. In fact, he's using the bar as a
text: stage for a song and dance number. The tune is extremely
dialog: familiar. In fact, it's the one that opens every Warner
dialog: Brothers cartoon... The Looney Tune Anthem. But we've never
dialog: heard words to go with it.
speaker_heading: ROGER RAB3IT
dialog: 'The merry-go-round broke down
dialog: But you don't see me frown...'
text: Roger grabs Augie's pad and pencil, scribbles some drawings
text: lightning fast.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'Things turned out fine
dialog: And now she's mine...'
text: Roger flips through the pad which in crude animation, shows
text: the story of Roger and Jessica getting back together,
text: culminating in them kissing in a heart. Augie's delighted.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: '... Cause the merry-go-round
dialog: Went round...
dialog: Hoo-hoo, Hoo-hoo...'
text: Roger does backflips and acts like an escapee from the acute
dialog: ward.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR OPENS
text: Eddie and Dolores enter. Valiant stops in his tracks at the
text: sight of Roger's performance... and the smiles on the faces
dialog: of the sourpusses.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROGER
text: doesn't see Eddie. He moves into the next verse. He twirls
text: around on the post.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: 'My name is Roger Rabbit
dialog: I've got a crazy habit
dialog: I like to sing and dance and yuk...'
text: Roger goes to Angelo, lifts off his cap, and whacks his
text: toupee, making it spin like a top.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: '... So brighten up and smile
dialog: You schmuck'.
text: All the regulars in the bar have a good laugh at that one.
text: Now as Roger twirls around on the post, he smashes into a bar
text: tray held by Eddie. Valiant carries him toward the back
text: room, but the irrepressable entertainer gets on his knees Al
text: Jolson style and blows kisses to his audience. The regulars
text: are HOWLING as Roger is carried out.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM
text: Valiant flings Roger into the room and slams the door behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hey, don't I get an encore?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Why, you crazy Toon... I've been out
dialog: there riskin' my neck for you. I come
dialog: back here and you're singin' and
dialog: dancin'.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: But that's my calling, my purpose, my
dialog: raison d'etre. Toons are supposed to
dialog: make people laugh... and believe me,
dialog: those people needed a laugh.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: And when they're done laughin' , they're
dialog: gonna call the cops. That guy Angelo
dialog: would rat on you for a nickel!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Angelo? He's a pal, a chum...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: An arsonist and a kidnapper. He
dialog: just got outta prison.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well... I still don't think he'd turn
dialog: me in.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Just because you got 'em to laugh?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: A laugh can be a powerful thing, Eddie.
dialog: Sometimes it's the only weapon we have
dialog: in life.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I think I prefer the Smith and Wesson
dialog: variety.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I've met some cynical and miserable
dialog: humans in my time. But you, Edward
dialog: Valiant, are positively funereal!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, right now it's gonna be your
dialog: funereal.
text: Valiant takes his fist back to belt Roger. Roger stands
text: stoicly, jaw thrust forward, eyes closed.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Go ahead and throw that punch.
dialog: (opens one eye)
dialog: But you'd be more successful with a
dialog: punch line.
text: Valiant drops his fist and rubs his temples with frustration.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You're driving me crazy, you know that?
dialog: Let's go... you ruined this as a hiding
dialog: place.
text: Valiant grabs Roger by the scruff of the neck and opens the
text: door. But he ducks back in quickly.
scene_heading: VALIANT'S POW - THROUGH DOOR - JUDGE DOOM
text: has entered the bar. He stands FRAMED in the doorway,
text: Voltaire perched on his shoulder. The red light of the neon
text: sign flashes on his glasses making him look like he's got
text: burning coals for eyes. With the Weasles at the door backing
text: him up, the satanic Doom walks to the bar, his FOOTSTEPS
text: CREAKING along the wooden floor. He surveys the scene, leans
text: over the bar for a glass. Doom holds the glass up to the
text: light and looks at it disgustedly. He picks up a bottle of
text: scotch and carries it down to where the one-armed Soldier is
text: sitting. Doom stares at him, then pulls the empty sleeve out
text: of the amputee's pocket. He uses it to wipe the inside of
dialog: the glass.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: I'm looking for a rabbit. He was last
dialog: seen in this neighborhood.
text: The barflies avoid Doom's stare and shoot covered glances to
text: one another. But nobody says a word. Doom pours a drink
text: into his newly cleaned glass... then gently pours it down
text: Voltaire's gullet.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You couldn't miss him. Buck teeth.
dialog: Orange pants. About yea big.
text: Doom squashes the Midget's head down to approximate the size.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: There's no rabbit here, so don't harass
dialog: my customers.
text: Doom turns to Dolores.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: I didn't come here to harass. I came
dialog: here to reward.
text: Doom walks around Dolores toward the back. But Doom stops
text: next to the blackboard. On it is written: "Today's Special
dialog: - French Dip - $ .50". Doom erases the "French" and the
text: decimal point in front of the "50". Then he picks up the
text: chalk and starts to write. The CHALK SQUEAKS excruciatingly
text: on the blackboard. Everyone winces but watches anyway, as
text: Doom writes "Rabbit" where the "French" was, and adds the
text: zeroes to the "50". It now reads: "Rabbit Dip - $5000".
scene_heading: AT THE BAR - ALL EYES
text: are fixed on the figure on the blackboard. Angelo licks his
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: Hey, I seen a rabbit...
text: Angelo looks defensively at all his cronies and back to Doom.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
text: He's right here in the bar.
text: But instead of pointing to the back of the bar, he talks to
text: the empty barstool beside him.
speaker_heading: ANGELO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Say 'ello, Harvey.
text: The tension is broken. Everybody at the bar starts HOWLING.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM
text: Roger turns to Eddie victoriously.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: My pal.
speaker_heading: IN THE BAR
text: Doom stares down the regulars until the laughter stops.
text: Meanwhile, a Weasle has started sniffing around the bar where
text: Roger was dancing. As Doom turns to leave, the Weasle
text: whispers in his ear as he points to the back. Doom smiles
text: and pats the Weasle on the head. He turns to Angelo and the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Now we'll see who laughs best...
text: The Weasle bloodhounds through the bar with Doom striding
text: after him. We FOLLOW them to the door to the back room.
text: Doom rips the door open.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROON
text: It's dark. Doom flicks on the light. REVEAL Valiant on the
text: cot, his pint bottle cradled in his arm. He blinks as if
text: awakened from a drunken slumber.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Valiant? Why is it that whenever my
dialog: men smell a rabbit, you're there?
text: Valiant plumps the pillow behind his head.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Must be my cologne... Eau Dc Carrot.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #1
dialog: (sniffs)
dialog: He's in here all right, boss.
text: Suddenly the Weasle grabs the pillow from under Valiant's
text: head and carves it to shreds with a switchblade. Feathers
text: fly. But no rabbit fur.
speaker_heading: WEASLE #2
dialog: Youse want we should take the place
dialog: apart?
text: The rest of the Weasles are arrayed behind Doom with Toon
text: crowbars, picks, and a jackhammer.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: No, Sergeant. That won't be necessary.
text: Doom walks over to the locker.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I know a trick that no Toon can resist.
text: Doom raps on the locker with his knuckles. Da-da-da-da-da...
text: It's a familiar pattern that demands a Da-da response. Doom
text: moves to the desk and tries it again. Da-da-da-da-da...
scene_heading: INSIDE A MAXWELL HOUSE COFFEE CAN
text: Roger is hiding while sweating out the urge to finish the
text: familiar coda. We HEAR the RAPPING again, closer.
text: Da-da-da-da-da... Roger's biting his nails.
speaker_heading: DOOM
text: moves to the milk crate the coffee can is on. Valiant gets
text: up off the cot.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You know, Doom, I don't know who's
dialog: Toonier, you or the rabbit.
text: Doom just smiles and knocks the pattern out on the crate.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Shave... and... a haircut...
text: Roger bursts out of the can with the lid on his head. He
dialog: responds con brio.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Two... bits!
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Uh... oh...
text: PSSSHEW! Roger flies out the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR
text: He streaks across the bar and out the front door. After a
text: beat, two Weasles step into the bar holding the butterfly net
text: they had stretched across the door. They WHEEZE with glee at
text: the struggling Roger trapped inside. A third Weasle carries
text: the Judge's briefcase.
text: Doom strides confidently into the bar.
speaker_heading: WEASLE
dialog: Oyez... oyez... oyez... court is now in
dialog: session.
text: Valiant and Dolores are led out by a couple Weasles holding
text: guns on them. As Doom snaps the briefcase open on the bar,
text: the twelve Kangaroos pop up in their jury box. Doom raps on
text: the bar with his gavel-headed cane. The regulars watch the
text: bizarre scene in stunned silence.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Roger Rabbit is charged with the cold
dialog: blooded murder of a human... Marvin
dialog: Acme. The jury will direct their
dialog: attention to exhibits A, B, and C.
text: The Weasles display photographs of Jessica and Acme playing
text: pattycake, a blow-up of his fingerprints spelling
text: RogerRabbitRogerRabbit in the whorls on the photographs, and
text: a picture of Acme lying under the safe.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Motive, evidence, modus operandi. How
dialog: do you find the defendant?
text: Once again the Kangaroo court wastes no time delivering the
text: verdict. The Baby Kangaroos pop up with their Y-O-U A-R-E
scene_heading: G-U-I-L-T-Y signs.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Guilty as charged. Case closed!
text: Doom slams the briefcase shut. Now two Weasles wheel the
text: stainless steel tub filled with dip into the bar. Another
text: hands Doom his black rubber gloves.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: For this heinous crime, I sentence you
dialog: to the dip!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: No, no. not the dip! Eddie, tell him
dialog: I didn't do it!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I don't think it's gonna matter.
dialog: Sorry, pal, I tried.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Yes, and for that you're charged with
dialog: aiding and abetting. But we'll let
dialog: Santino handle that.
text: Doom pulls on the rubber gloves.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hey, doesn't the rabbit even get a last
dialog: request?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: A blindfold, cigarette, noseplugs?
dialog: Just kidding.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I think you want a drink.
dialog: (to Doom)
dialog: How about it, Judge?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Well, why not? I'm feeling magnanimous
text: tonight. The successful conclusion of
dialog: this case draws the curtain on my
dialog: career as a jurist. I'm retiring to
dialog: take a new role in the private sector.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah? Well, don't expect the Toons to
dialog: give you a gold watch.
text: Valiant pours a glass of whiskey filling it all the way to
text: the rim. He holds it out to Roger.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Here you go, kid... say hi to Casper
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: But, Eddie, you know what happens
dialog: when...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Drink it, jerk. All of it.
text: He grabs Roger's hand and forces the drink into it. Roger
text: shrugs his shoulders and shoots the drink down. We've seen
text: the reaction before. Suddenly Roger's head turns into a
text: STEAM WHISTLE emitting such a PIERCING BLAST that is sends
text: everyone into ear-grabbing agony. Glasses, bottles, mirrors,
text: even Doom's glasses SHATTER. Valiant uses the distraction to
text: punch the Weasles holding Roger. He grabs the rabbit by the
text: scruff of the neck. He gets as assist from Augie, who
text: couldn't hear the noise. Unfazed, Augie whacks a Weasle on
text: the head with a barstool. The Midget crawls behind Doom,
text: who's been momentarily blinded. The one-armed Soldier pushes
text: him over. Angelo is turning one Weasle's head around and
text: around like a cruller. Finally, Doom gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: After them you fools...
text: As the Weasles regroup, Valiant tips the stainless steel tub
text: over sending the dip spilling toward them. The Weasles
text: recoil from the liquid. Even Doom takes a step backward.
scene_heading: EXT. TERMINAL BAR
text: Eddie and Roger race down the stairs and toward the Toon
text: Control Wagon which is parked in front of Doom's Lincoln,
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Oh, Eddie, that was quick thinkin'.
dialog: Nothin' like usin' the old noggin, the
dialog: noodle, the grey matter...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: If I'm so smart, how come I'm runnin'
dialog: from the law with a Toon?
text: Valiant opens the door of the Toon Control wagon, and flings
text: Roger inside roughly.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: Eddie goes to start the vehicle but the key is gone. Now
text: from behind them comes a DEEP RUMBLING VOICE somewhere
dialog: between Lord Buckley and Barry White.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Excuse me, gentlemen...
text: Eddie and Roger turn. A snazzy TOON ROADSTER whose grill
text: functions as it's mouth is talking from behind the liquid
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: If you effect my extrication, I
dialog: could offer you some carburetion.
text: Valiant sighs with resignation and slides out of the cab,
text: Roger in tow.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF WAGON
text: Eddie and Roger come racing around the side of the wagon.
text: Valiant searches the back of the truck for the on/off switch.
text: He finds it and turns off the flow of acetone. The Roadster
text: zips out of the truck and lands on the pavement, already
text: flexing and limbering. Behind him, a comical number of other
text: TOON DETAINEES hop out like midgets out of a Volkswagon.
text: They all head for the hills.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Well... what're we waitin' for, the
dialog: William Tell Overture?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TERMINAL BAR - THE WEASLES
text: come piling out. They stack up like an Indian totem pole
text: searching every direction. One of them spots Eddie and
text: Roger. The Weasles stumble all over themselves in a mad
text: scramble down the stairs.
speaker_heading: EDDIE AND ROGER
text: hop into the sleek two-seater. Valiant looks at the myriad
text: of goofy cartoon gauges and switches on the Roadster's
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: You don't have to do nothin'...
text: With a ferocious RUBBER BURNING SQUEAL, the Roadster ROARS
text: off in "no frames". The exit is so fast that Eddie and Roger
text: are left behind, hanging mid-air. But before they hit the
text: ground, the Roadster zips back INTO FRAME. Eddie and Roger
text: fall back into their seats. The Roadster bends around so his
text: grill is facing them.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Uh... except hang onto your hat.
text: The Roadster ROARS off again in a cloud of Toon dust.
scene_heading: INT. SANTINO'S COP CAR
text: coming the other way. It's followed by another squad car,
text: both with SIRENS BLARING. When the red blur streaks by, Lt.
text: Santino turns to his PARTNER.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: PARTNER
text: Speeding rabbit, Lieutenant.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: That's what I was afraid of.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Santino's car does a 180 degree spin, and goes after the
text: Roadster. The second squad car follows. The Weasles pile
text: into the Toon Control wagon and join the chase.
scene_heading: INT. THE ROADSTER
text: rockets down the street, then takes a turn so wide that it
text: drives up the front of the corner building, then back down on
text: the sidewalk, just avoiding a newsstand. The squad car
text: following is not so dexterous. It CRASHES into the stand,
text: sending newspapers flying.
speaker_heading: THE ROADSTER
text: looks back over it's shoulder, admiring his handiwork.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Read all about it, Benny's back in
dialog: town!
text: Up ahead, an egg delivery truck is double-parked in their
text: lane. Benny snaps around just as they're about to crash into
text: the back of the truck. There's nowhere to go. But Benny's
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Going up...
text: Suddenly, just before impact, the Toon suspension on the car
text: accordions up, giving it a clearance of about fifteen feet...
text: just enough to get over the truck.
scene_heading: THE TOON CONTROL WAGON
dialog: doesn't come with this unique feature. It tries to avoid the
text: truck but SMASHES into the back, splattering hundreds of eggs
text: and sending the Weasles flying.
speaker_heading: EDDIE AND ROGER
text: look down from their suspended position at the chaos behind.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Next floor, sundries, knick knacks,
dialog: escaped convicts. Watch your step.
text: The Roadster accordions back down to it's original height and
text: speeds past TWO MOTORCYCLE COPS. The motorcycles ROAR after
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hey, Benny, what were you in for?
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Reckless driving. Do you believe that?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hard to imagine.
text: Benny zig-zags through traffic, scooting between cars, but
text: the Motorcycle Cops manage to stay on his tail. Up ahead,
text: traffic is stopped in his lane. With nowhere to go, Benny
text: passes a trolley car moving down the center of the street.
text: Suddenly, he swerves in front of the trolley to elude the
text: Cops... only to see another Red Car coming the other way.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Hold your breath, babies...
text: Benny sucks in his girth and gets on his tip-toes as the
text: trollies pass on either side of them.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: When the trollies clear, Benny staggers out from between them
text: still on tip-toes. Benny plops down, squashes, then pops up
text: to his old self again.
speaker_heading: BEHIND THEM
text: The crippled Toon Control wagon is struggling to keep up.
text: Voltaire circles above the truck and picks two Weasles up off
text: the roof. They're each carrying several sticks of dynamite.
speaker_heading: FROM THE AIR
text: We see Voltaire flying after the Roadster, which is speeding
text: along the palm-lined Elysian Park Drive. The Weasles light
text: the dynamite sticks and with WHEEZING delight, bombard the
dialog: car below.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: swerves right and left dodging the EXPLOSIONS. Now a stick
text: of dynamite falls into the back seat, fuse burning. Benny
text: looks back.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Hate to sound like Chicken Little, but
dialog: is the sky falling or what?
text: Eddie and Roger turn to see the dynamite, fuse burning low.
text: Valiant makes a desperate grab for it. But it rolls under
text: the front seat. Roger jumps in Eddie's lap.
scene_heading: ABOVE - VOLTAIRE AND THE WEASLES
text: satisfied that they've hit their target, swoop back to the
dialog: Toon Control wagon.
scene_heading: IN THE ROADSTER
text: Valiant tries to untangle himself from Roger.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Grab it, you idiot!
text: Finally, at the last second, Roger reaches down and picks the
text: dynamite up like a hot potato. He flips it out of the
text: Roadster.
speaker_heading: THE DYNAMITE
text: spins through the air, finally landing on the roof just as
text: Voltaire and the Weasles arrive. BOOM! The Toon Control
text: wagon is demolished. When the smoke clears we see the
text: Weasles and Voltaire scattered roadside, faces blackened,
dialog: feathers smoking.
scene_heading: EXT. ECHO PARK STREET
text: Benny is leading a merry chase up and down the hills. Beside
text: the two Motorcycles, there are half a dozen squad cars. But
text: as Benny comes over the last rise, we see the road deadends
text: at Echo Park Lake. The police have blocked off the
text: perpendicular streets with squad cars. Eddie and Roger see
text: the deadend fast approaching. Roger covers his eyes with his
text: ears. Valiant braces himself.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: The brakes! The brakes!
text: Benny hits the brakes. Smoke pours out as they burn up and
text: the momentum is barely broken.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Forget the brakes, who brought the
dialog: water wings?
text: The Roadster SMASHES through the wooden guard rail and sails
text: out over the water. KERPLOP! It splashes down in the lake.
speaker_heading: THE POLICE CARS
text: SCREECH to a stop at the edge of the lake. Santino jumps out
text: and regards the floating Roadster. He turns to the other
text: cops with a smirk. When he turns back again, the smirk
text: disappears from his face.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LAKE
text: Benny is calmly swimming away using his fenders to do the
text: crawl. Now they pass a spooning COUPLE in a rowboat. The
text: couple regard them open-mouthed.
text: THE EDGE OF THE LAKE
text: Benny nears the shoreline, touches bottom and wades out.
text: When they hit dry land, Benny shakes off like a dog. He REVS
speaker_heading: HIS ENGINE.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Maybe it's my imagination, but I always
dialog: seem to run better after I've had a
dialog: wash.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Now where can I drop you cats?
text: As Benny ROARS off...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Benny peeks around the corner, then tip-toes into view. down
text: the alley until he stops in front of a back door. Eddie and
text: Roger climb out.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Thanks, Benny.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: If you ever need me, just stick out
dialog: your thumb.
text: WHOOSH! Benny is gone. Valiant goes to the door and unlocks
text: it. As he and Roger head up the back stairs...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - CLOSE - DOORWAY
text: A hand painted design on the rippled glass shows a knight on
text: a white charger. On the shield in bold letters it says,
text: "Veritas". And lettered around it -- "Valiant and Valiant -
dialog: Private Investigation".
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: sticks his key in the door and unlocks it. Roger studies the
dialog: banner.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Valiant and Valiant? Who's the other
dialog: Valiant?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: My brother. Get inside.
text: He pushes Roger into the office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: It's a typical detective office -- a couch, a sink, a window
text: -- except for the partner's desk in the middle of the room.
text: There's a chair on each side. Valiant closes the door and
dialog: locks it.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: So what's our plan, our scenario, our
dialog: modus operandi?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: We can't do anything till it's dark.
text: Valiant picks up some yellowed newspapers off the couch and
text: dumps them on the floor. They leave a clean spot on the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Guess you haven't been here in a while.
dialog: (reads
dialog: headline)
dialog: 'Japs Bomb Pearl Harbor'.
text: Roger walks over to the wall. He takes a framed picture off
text: the wall which shows two guys clowning with Mickey Mouse.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Say, who's this guy laughin'?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Gee, I didn't recognize you... I've
dialog: never seen you laugh before. That your
dialog: brother makin' the rabbit ears?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What is this, Twenty Questions?
text: Valiant grabs the picture from Roger and re-hangs it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm gonna get some sleep. I suggest
dialog: you do the same.
dialog: 
text: Valiant stretches out on the couch. Roger nudges him to move
text: over so he can lie down. Grudgingly, Valiant slides over a
text: fraction giving Roger a tiny piece of the couch. They lie
text: head to foot.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - VALIANT
text: The problems of the day are knitting his brow. Finally his
text: eyes close. After a beat, we HEAR Roger SNORING. It's LOUD.
text: Valiant's eyes pop open. He rolls over. WIDEN THE SHOT to
dialog: see what he sees.
scene_heading: ABOVE ROGER'S HEAD - A TOON DREAM BUBBLE
text: has appeared. Inside the bubble is a saw sawing back and
text: forth through a log. It is SYNCHRONIZED to the SOUND of
text: Roger's SNORE. Valiant kicks Roger, trying to stop the
text: infernal SOUND.
text: Roger sits up.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Huh?
text: In the dream bubble, the saw cuts through the log. One end
text: of the log falls out of the bubble and BONKS Roger on the
text: head, knocking him unconscious. Valiant shakes his head and
text: closes his eyes again. We PAN UP off his face and PAST the
text: window where the sun is setting. As the CAMERA MOVES ALONG
text: THE WALL, we see a gallery of framed newspaper clippings.
text: "Valiant and Valiant Crack Popeye Kidnapping - Return Sweepea
dialog: to Loving Arms of Parents". And... "Brothers Find Brothers:
dialog: Heckle and Jeckle Rescued From Redwood Forest!" And...
text: "Goofy Cleared of Atomic Spying Charges". The PAN CONTINUES
text: until we get to the window again. Now it's dark outside.
text: MOVE DOWN to Valiant's sleeping face. He stirs. then opens
text: one eye. Now they both pop open at what he sees.
speaker_heading: VALIANT'S POV
text: Roger has a magnifying glass an inch in front of his face
text: that distorts his grinning face hideously.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: startled from his sleep, reflexively shoves Roger away from
text: him. He flies into a swivel chair and goes spinning around.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You damn Toon! No wonder they picked
dialog: you for the patsy. Always gotta play
dialog: the fool. You make me sick!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience,
dialog: but what happened to you that was so
dialog: dark, lurid, embittering?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You wanna know? Well, since you're so
dialog: goddamn curious, I'll tell ya. One of
dialog: you Toons killed my brother.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: A Toon? Noooo.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, a Toon. It was the guy who
dialog: killed Bambi's mother.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Him? Oh, he was vile, heinous,
dialog: despicable... a smear on the drafting
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah, everybody thought so. But me and
dialog: Teddy got a kick out of Toons. All
dialog: Toons. We couldn't see the bad in 'em.
dialog: And when this guy was accused of
dialog: knockin' over the First National Bank
dialog: of Toontown, we took his case. But
dialog: when we looked into it, we found out he
dialog: did do it after all. We went to his
dialog: house to take him in. But he was wise.
dialog: He got the drop on us... literally.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Safe?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: Piano. Guy got away, disappeared into
dialog: Toontown. Nobody ever saw him again.
text: Now the PHONE on the desk RINGS. Roger makes a move to it.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I'll get it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Get away from there.
text: The PHONE RINGS TWO MORE TIMES and stops.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Wrong number?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No, it's not.
text: Valiant goes to the phone anticipating a RING which comes
text: after a moment. Valiant picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Dolores?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: on the phone in the Terminal Bar.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I was hopin' you'd be there. Maroon's
dialog: called here about four times. He says
dialog: he's gotta talk to you tonight. He
dialog: says he can help you.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I'll bet.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Are you gonna call him, Eddie?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What've I got to lose? You okay,
dialog: Dolores?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Yeah... they closed me down for a
dialog: coupla weeks.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That'll work out just fine. When this
dialog: thing is over, I'll take you to
dialog: Catalina. How does that sound?
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Familiar. Be careful, Eddie.
text: Dolores hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: He CLICKS the switchhook and dials.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Maroon? Whaddaya want?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Have you got the will?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Maybe. Why?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock.
dialog: If you've got the will maybe we can
dialog: stop this thing.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Stop what?
text: CLICK. Maroon has hung up. Valiant hangs up the phone and
text: goes to a wall safe. He spins the combination.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Gee, Eddie, you're not gonna go, are
dialog: ya? Maroon'll be layin' for ya at nine
dialog: o'clock.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's why I'll be there at 8:45.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I tell you what, maybe I better come
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Forget it.
text: Valiant reaches into the safe for a .38 revolver. He checks
text: the cylinder. Then he takes out a wooden box about 8" X 12".
text: He closes the safe, picks up a black doctor's bag and puts
text: the box and the revolver into it.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: You know, Eddie, I'm not as much of a
dialog: chump, and a patsy, a yokel as you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: How much is a shave and a haircut,
dialog: Roger?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Two bits.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I rest my case.
text: Valiant goes to the door, pauses.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If I don't make it back here by ten...
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: ... I'd head for Cucamonga.
text: Valiant closes the door, leaving Roger alone. Roger paces
text: back and forth manically.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Cucamonga? I don't know anybody in
dialog: Cucamonga.
scene_heading: EXT. MAROON STUDIO - NIGHT
text: The lot is dark and deserted. Now headlights cut through the
text: darkness as Maroon's Packard pulls up in front of the
dialog: Administration building.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MAROON
text: reaches over and opens the glove compartment. He takes out a
text: small automatic. But his hands are so slippery with
text: perspiration, it falls to the floor. Cursing, he takes out
text: a handkerchief, wipes his hands and his face and picks up the
text: gun again. As he gets out of the car, we see the clock says
dialog: 8:55.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Maroon hustles up to his office door. He looks nervously
text: over his shoulder, then goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. MAROON'S OFFICE
text: Maroon switches on the lights. He goes to his desk. He
text: takes out the gun and puts it in the left hand drawer. Then
text: he takes it out and puts it in the right hand drawer. Then
text: back to the original drawer. Finally satisfied, he goes to
text: the bar to calm his obviously shattered nerves. As his
text: shakey hand starts to pour from the decanter, another hand
text: comes INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Steady, R.K., that stuff's eighteen
dialog: years old.
text: Maroon jumps back as Valiant steps from behind the curtain,
text: holding his black bag.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Valiant! You surprised me.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That was the idea.
text: Valiant takes over the pouring duties. He turns and carries
text: Maroon's drink to him. Maroon goes and sits down in his
text: chair. He looks to the pistol hiding place. Valiant
text: casually sits on the desk, putting his legs over the drawer.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You're not too good at this, are you,
dialog: R.K.?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: No... I'm not. I'm a cartoon maker,
dialog: not a murderer.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, everybody needs a hobby.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: No, you gotta understand, Valiant, I
dialog: had nothin' to do with Acme gettin'
dialog: killed. I just wanted to sell my
dialog: studio. But they wouldn't buy my
dialog: property unless Acme would sell his.
dialog: And he wouldn't. So I was gonna
text: blackmail Acme with pictures of him and
text: the rabbit's wife.
text: Maroon gets up from his chair, highly agitated.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But then it all went to hell. I been
dialog: around Toons all my life. I can't sit
text: around and see them all destroyed.
text: Maroon eyes Valiant's black bag.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You got the will in there, don't ya?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No, I don't.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: You tricked me, damn you!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Take it easy.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: There's no time to take it easy! You
dialog: don't realize the diabolical mind we're
dialog: dealing with!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WINDOW
text: A gun pokes through the open window past the curtain. It's a
text: Colt .45 Buntline -- an unmistakeable gun with an extra long
dialog: barrel.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: If I don't get that will by midnight
dialog: tonight, Toontown's just gonna be land
dialog: for the free...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: sees a reflection of the gun on the glass on a movie poster
text: on the wall. He turns. But it's too late. BANG! BANG!
text: BANG! Maroon crumples, caught mid-sentence. Valiant dives
text: behind the desk and draws his gun. He looks over at Maroon's
text: dead body on the floor.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: And the home of the brave?
text: Valiant crawls to the window where the shots came from. He
text: looks out.
speaker_heading: VALIANT'S POV
text: The comely silhouette of Jessica Rabbit runs to her car,
text: jumps in and ROARS out the the studio gates.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: grabs his black bag, climbs out of the office window and
text: jumps off the fire escape to the lot below.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO LOT
text: Valiant hops into Maroon's Packard. He hits the starter
text: button and takes off after Jessica.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: as the car pulls away, the trunk lid lifts. Roger Rabbit
text: peers out, disoriented. Then closes it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Jessica's car speeds along. Valiant is in close pursuit in
text: the Packard. He's about to catch up on the straightaway when
text: Jessica's car disappears into a tunnel.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: slams on his brakes. The Packard goes fishtailing, finally
text: spinning to a stop at the foot of the "Toontown" sign.
text: Valiant gets out of the car. He looks down the tunnel. He's
text: sweating. He loosens his necktie. He paces back and forth
text: at the tunnel mouth. He looks up at the Toontown sign and
text: suddenly smashes it with his fist. It spins around like a
dialog: weathervane.
text: Valiant walks to the Packard with purpose. He grabs the
text: black bag and puts it on the hood. He opens it and takes out
text: the wooden box.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BOX
text: as the clasp is popped and the box opened, REVEAL a stunning
text: presentation model TOON .38 resting on crushed velvet. It's
dialog: everything a real gun could be... and more. Each feature is
text: exaggerated... the barrel, the cylinder, the ivory grips are
dialog: all Toon-sized.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: picks the gun up and hefts it respectfully. Then he opens an
scene_heading: ammo section in the wooden box. SIX TOON .38 DUM-DUM BULLETS
text: are in velvet creases. The Toon Bullets blink to life as if
text: awakening from a long sleep.
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #l
dialog: (rubbing eyes)
dialog: Eddie... is that really you?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #2
dialog: What year is it?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: '46.
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #3
dialog: Who won the war?
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #4
dialog: Who do you think, dummy?
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #5
dialog: Welcome back, Eddie.
speaker_heading: DUM-DUM #6
dialog: Where you been the last five years?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Drunk.
text: He opens the cylinder.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Feelin' frisky tonight, boys?
speaker_heading: DUM-DUMS
dialog: Yeah!
text: The Bullets eagerly dive into their respective chambers. He
text: snaps the cylinder closed, reaches into his shoulder holster
text: and takes out the pint bottle. He unscrews the cap and pours
text: the rest of the booze onto the ground. When it's drained, he
text: flings the bottle in the air and FIRES the Toon .38. KA-POW!
text: It makes a SOUND like a CANNON.
speaker_heading: THE TOON BULLET
text: climbs like a rocket into the dark sky. It SCREECHES up to
text: the bottle, puts on the brakes. The Bullet puts on a
text: jeweler's eyepiece, then it whips out a little hammer and
text: chisel acd delivers one delicate tap.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: watches as a cut glass chandelier falls out of the sky and
text: CRASHES at his feet. Valiant holsters his weapon and climbs
text: into the Packard. He puts it in gear and pulls into the
dialog: tunnel.
scene_heading: IN THE TUNNEL - DRIVING
text: As Valiant heads toward the proverbial light at the end of
text: the tunnel, suddenly the CAR RADIO COMES ON.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
text: ... From the tippy tip top of
dialog: Toontown's Tip Top Club, this is Mellow
dialog: Melody Matinee. Here's our favorite
dialog: cricket, Jimmy, with 'Give A Little
dialog: Whistle'.
scene_heading: JIMINY CRICKET
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: 'When you get in trouble, and you don't
dialog: know right from wrong...'
text: Valiant turns the on/off switch, then punches all the buttons
text: but to no avail. The SONG PLAYS ON anyway.
scene_heading: JIMINY CRICKET
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: '... Give a little whistle
dialog: Give a little whistle...'
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I hate Toontown...
text: As Jimmy croons on, Valiant emerges from the tunnel.
speaker_heading: VALIANT'S FOV
text: Through the windshield we see we have arrived in Toontown,
text: where it's a beautiful sunny day. Eddie is now driving down
text: a phantasmagorical boulevard in a completely animated world.
text: It's a Max Fleischer version of a city neighborhood. The
text: trees and buildings are swaying in time with the MUSIC.
text: Eddie looks to his left and sees a huge Aphrodite-like hood
text: ornament on the front of a TOON CAR. Then as the car starts
text: to pass him he sees hood... hood... hood... more hood then a
text: CHAUFFEUR, then more car, and finally the Wolf we remember
text: from the Ink & Paint Club. He's in top hat and tails, a TOON
text: LAMB in the passenger seat. He tips his hat.
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: Helloooo, cousin.
text: Now he drives past a Toon building under construction. Like
dialog: everything else in Toontown. the construction company sports
text: the name "Acme". The sign out frontsays: WATCH OUR
text: PROGRESS. Eddie looks up, and before he can drive by, the
text: building gets built floor by floor with accompanying SFX in
text: about two seconds.
text: Up ahead, the street is clear for blocks. Then suddenly cars
text: pour out of all side streets at once, clogging the boulevard
text: like arteriosclerosis. There is mad HONKING in this cartoon
text: traffic jam. Eddie shakes his head. He pulls over, parks
text: and gets out.
text: Valiant pulls out his Toon .38. Suddenly, the street empties
text: in the blink of an eye. Shutters close, and the sidewalk
text: rolls up like window shades. It's so quiet you could hear a
text: pin drop. In fact, a PIN DROPS from a second story window,
text: landing with the CLANG! of a manhole cover. All is quiet
text: again. Valiant starts across the street -- there is a CREAK
text: behind him. Valiant whirls around, levelling his pistol at
dialog: the sound.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PACKARD - ROGER
text: peeks out of the trunk of Maroon's car.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Don't shoot, Eddie. It's me.
text: Valiant lowers the gun as Roger emerges.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What the hell are you doin' in there?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I followed you to the Maroon Studios.
dialog: When I heard those shots, I thought I'd
dialog: help you and investigate the inside of
dialog: this trunk.
text: Valiant reaches into the black bag in the car. He comes out
text: with a pair of TOON HANDCUFFS. He slaps one on Roger's
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: ROGER RA13BIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, what're you doin'?
text: Valiant drags Roger to the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I'm making sure you don't help me
dialog: anymore.
text: He locks the cuff to it, and heads across the street.
scene_heading: AROUND THE CORNER - VALIANT
text: stops at a street sign. The post is bristling with fingers
text: pointing in different directions; i.e., Poughkeepsie,
dialog: Transylvania, Walla Walla, South Pole (the finger points down
text: of course), and finally a finger which says: The Dame.
text: Eddie follows the finger down the side street to a high rise
dialog: building.
text: He catches a glimpse of Jessica darting into the elevators.
text: Valiant hustles inside after her.
text: Valiant goes to the elevators, and watches the floor
text: indicator spinning round and Round, finally stopping with a
text: BING at the 125th floor. The elevator doors open and Valiant
dialog: steps on.
scene_heading: IN THE ELEVATOR
text: Valiant punches 125. Suddenly the elevator takes out with
text: such velocity that Valiant is thrown to the floor. After a
text: moment, it stops so fast that he hits the ceiling. Then
text: bounces back to the floor as the doors open. He picks
text: himself up and steps off the elevator.
text: He's in a foyer with four doors. Valiant opens the first and
text: steps inside. He disappears.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Valiant is on the outside of the building hanging onto a
text: flagpole for dear life. He looks down at the street which
text: looks miles below. Valiant inches back along the flagpole to
text: the door and pulls himself to safety.
scene_heading: INSIDE - VALIANT
text: tries the next door. This time more carefully. A SPEEDING
text: TRAIN is coming right at him. He slams the door. He tries
text: the next one. A homely OLD TOON LADY is in a bathtub. She
text: lets out a BLOODCURDLING SCREAM. Valiant closes that door
text: quickly, and turns to the last. When he opens this one, we
text: HEAR FOREBODING MUSIC. We see...
scene_heading: A DARK ALLEY
text: Warily, Valiant walks into the alley, gun drawn. There's a
text: NOISE behind the garbage cans. Valiant turns as a DEAD BODY
text: with a knife in his back falls out of the shadows at
text: Valiant's feet. A SQUEAKY VOICE comes from behind Valiant.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I guess they didn't clean up after the
dialog: last moider.
text: Valiant whips around to see a TOON RAT perched on a skull
text: picking his teeth. Valiant kicks the skull. The rat
text: scrambles for cover.
text: As Valiant continues on, we see...
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
text: Steps out of the shadows behind him and aim the gun at his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Don't move, Valiant.
text: Valiant turns slowly to see Jessica's got a bead on him with
dialog: her revolver.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well... I always figured I'd get it in
dialog: Toontown.
text: BLAM! She fires. But Valiant's still standing. We HEAR a
text: CRASH behind Eddie as a figure falls into some boxes from a
text: fire escape above.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: I think I got him.
text: Jessica runs past Valiant to the figure. He follows,
text: bewildered.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GROUND
text: We can see two rabbit ears sticking out from behind a box
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You shot Roger.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: That's not Roger. It's one of Doom's
dialog: men. He killed R.K. Maroon.
text: Jessica moves the box aside and tugs on the rabbit ears. The
text: rabbit head pops off. Underneath is a Weasle. In his hand
text: is the Colt .45 Buntline.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Lady, I guess I had you pegged wrong.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Don't worry, you're not the first. We
dialog: better get out of here.
text: As they run down the alley...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE PACKARD - ROGER
text: is behind the wheel making ENGINE NOISES like a little kid.
text: He pushes all the buttons, windshield wipers, convertible
text: top, etcetera, until he accidentally hits the starter button.
text: VROOM! The Packard fires to life. Roger's startled for a
text: moment, but quickly regains his composure.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hmmm... What would be the harm if I
dialog: took her for a spin?
text: He throws it into gear. The Packard bucks into the car in
text: front of it. Then Roger shifts again. The same process is
text: repeated in reverse. He SMASHES back and forth. BANG!
dialog: BANG!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Ah... the open road.
scene_heading: AROUND THE CORNER - EDDIE AND JESSICA
text: come racing down the street.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: It was Doom who killed Acme, you know?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: I didn't know who I could trust.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: We're even. By the way, I did find
dialog: your husband.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: He's right here in the...
text: Valiant rounds the corner and points toward the spot where
text: the car used to be. But all that remains is a crumpled
dialog: bumper.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... car.
text: He shakes his head and looks around for signs of Roger.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE PACKARD
text: is careening down Toon streets totally out of control.
text: Panicked, Roger is spinning the wheel as if it were a
text: motorboat. He drives in one side of Mother Goose's Shoe and
text: out the other, diapers all over the windshield. Unable to
text: see, Roger steers right off the road. The car hurtles
text: through space. As it starts to fall, we see it's Toon
text: Monument Valley. The Packard passes a promontory on which
text: WILE E. COYOTE is perched. As Roger passes, he waves to the
dialog: Coyote.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Hi, Roger Rabbit. Love your work.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
speaker_heading: EDDIE AND JESSICA
text: who are now facing a squad of TEN Toon Control Weasles. They
text: unleash a fusilade of bullets.
text: Valiant knocks Jessica to the ground. The bullets pass
text: harmlessly overhead going into the window of the Acme Cheese
text: Shop, riddling a round of cheese. The CHEESEMAKER'S hand
text: comes INTO FRAME changing the sign that says "Gouda" to
dialog: "Swiss".
text: Valiant rolls and FIRES his Toon .38 Special. The Toon
text: Bullet turns into a cannonball, which rolls down the street
text: busting up the Weasle squad like a bowling ball through ten
dialog: pins.
text: As Eddie pulls Jessica to her feet, two more Weasles descend
text: on them. They fling Toon knives, which pin Eddie to a wooden
text: fence. Valiant rips one hand free, and BLASTS two shots at
dialog: them.
text: The Toon Bullets get to the Weasles, and open their nose
text: cones. Two frying pans emerge and BONK the Weasles on the
dialog: head.
text: Jessica starts to pull the knives out, releasing Eddie.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: How did you get onto Doom?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Marvin told me. Doom was after his
dialog: land. Ne was afraid. That's why he
dialog: brought me his will.
text: Valiant sees a Weasle skulking at them with a tommygun.
text: BLAM! Valiant fires at him. The Weasle ducks back around
text: the corner. But Valiant's Dum-Dum SCREECHES to a stop and
text: goes around the corner, too. We HEAR an EXPLOSION. The
text: Weasle come staggering out and falls in the street.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So where is it?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: When I opened up the blue envelope, all
dialog: that was inside was a blank piece of
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: A joker to the end.
text: Now Weasles are coming at them from every direction. Valiant
text: aims the Toon .38 at a Toon tank rolling their way. But when
text: he pulls the trigger, the gun just CLICKS. Empty.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Looks like our goose is cooked, our
dialog: hash is slung, our fait is accompli...
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Lemme guess where you got that from.
dialog: Tell me somethin', what'd you ever see
dialog: in that guy anyway?
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: He made me laugh.
text: Valiant shakes his head. Now they are completely surrounded
text: by Weasles. The situation looks bleak.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Well, do you prefer to die this way or
dialog: that way?
text: Valiant jerks his thumb indicating the direction behind him.
text: Suddenly, there's a rubber-burning SCREECH as Benny the
text: Roadster arrives next to Valiant's hitchhiker-posed thumb.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Need a lift?
text: Valiant does a take.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Benny.
text: The Roadster looks back approvingly as Jessica climbs in with
dialog: Eddie.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Mr. Valiant, you've made a vast
dialog: improvement in the company you keep.
text: Benny blasts through a couple of Weasles. They swing back
text: and forth like tavern doors, then topple.
text: He takes a hard right into the next block which is the Toon
text: Arctic. His tires turn into skis. He slaloms back and forth
text: between trees. The Weasles pursue on dogsled.
text: Benny grabs a striped barber's pole -- the North Pole -- and
text: slides down it. They land in the Toon Sahara. Benny crawls
text: up a large sand dune, his tongue hanging out of his radiator.
text: He glances back at the Weasles who are mounted on camels,
text: waving scimitars. When they reach the top of the sand dune,
text: we see they're on the precipice of a bottomless chasm.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Look, the drawbridge -- we're gonna
dialog: make it.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I don't see any bridge.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: That's because you gotta draw it first.
text: Benny takes a pencil hanging from a post lettered "Draw
text: Bridge". He wets the pencil point and in a flash draws a
text: bridge. It's a rickety rope bridge. Using the pencil as a
text: balancing pole, Benny starts to tiptoe across.
text: The Weasles jump off t'heir camels and start filing onto the
text: bridge after them.
text: When Benny finally reaches the other side, Valiant grabs the
text: pencil from him and gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: Hold on a second.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Eddie, come on.
text: But Valiant stands facing the Weasles, who are charging at
text: him, swords raised. With a sly smile, Valiant holds up the
text: eraser end of the pencil. This freezes the Weasles. But as
text: Valiant starts to erase a rope support, the eraser breaks off
text: the pencil and falls down into the chasm. The Weasles WHEEZE
text: with relief and advance for the kill. At the last second,
text: Valiant takes the business end of the pencil and scribbles a
text: handsaw. He grabs it by the handle and saws the rope. The
text: bridge swings away, smacking the Weasles into the opposite
text: canyon wall. One by one, they slide off and disappear into
text: the abyss.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: climbs back into Benny. The Roadster takes off again, making
text: a skidding left turn onto the main drag. As they make their
dialog: break into the Toontown tunnel...
scene_heading: EXT. TOONTOWN TUNNEL - L.A. SIDE - NIGHT
text: A ten gallon drum is sitting by the side of the road under
text: the Toontown sign. From in the tunnel we hear the SOUND of
text: Benny's ENGINE coming closer. Now a foot comes out of the
text: shadows and rests on the ten gallon drum. As the SOUND of
text: the ROADSTER gets VERY LOUD, the foot kicks the drum over,
text: spilling a clear liquid across the road.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - THE FOOT
text: belongs to Judge Doom. Doom smiles sadistically as the
text: Roadster with Eddie and Jessica aboard comes shooting out of
text: the tunnel. When Benny hits the liquid, he starts to skid.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Uh-oh... whoaaa...! Look out!
text: His tires smoke, then disappear. It's a dip slick. Without
text: tires, Benny spins out of control, finally ending up in the
text: bushes roadside.
text: Before Eddie and Jessica can make a move, they are surrounded
text: by a horde of Weasles pointing what looks like a hundred guns
dialog: at them.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Are you two all right?
text: Doom opens one of the Roadster's doors and helps Jessica out.
text: Valiant climbs out after her. The Weasles quickly relieve
text: him of his Toon pistol.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: These roads can be very treacherous at
text: night, especially in a maniacal Toon
dialog: vehicle.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: The pot's callin' the kettle maniacal.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: I've had enough of your insolence!
dialog: (to Weasles)
dialog: Put him in my car. I think they'll
dialog: enjoy attending our ribbon cutting at
dialog: the Acme factory.
text: The Weasles prod Valiant and Jessica into Doom's Lincoln. A
text: Weasle refers to Benny WHIMPERING in the bushes.
speaker_heading: WEASLE
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: He's not going anywhere. We'll send
text: the mobile unit after him.
text: Doom climbs into the car and it zooms off, Weasles jumping
text: onto the running boards.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: crawls out of the bushes on his axles.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: The boinin', the boinin'...
text: He makes it down into the drainage ditch, dipping his
text: tootsies one by one. There's a HISS as they hit the water
text: and the chemicals from the dip are extinguished.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh, yeah... that's better.
text: Now Benny hears the SOUND of another VEHICLE COMING out of
text: the Toontown Tunnel. He ducks down and peeks over the ditch
dialog: to see...
scene_heading: ROGER IN THE PACKARD
text: come SCREAMING out of the tunnel backwards. Maroon's Packard
text: looks like the winner of a demolition derby.
text: Benny stands and waves to him.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Roger!
text: Roger sees him and slams on the brakes, skidding the Packard
text: into the Toontown sign.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Benny?
text: Benny hobbles over to the Packard. He pops his trunk and
text: rummages around. He comes out with Toon boltcutters. He
text: clips Roger's cuffs off.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Doom's got your wife and Valiant. He
dialog: took them to the Acme factory,
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Let's go!
text: Benny nudges Roger to the passenger side.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Slide over, son. It looks like you've
dialog: done enough drivin' for tonight.
text: Now the Toon Roadster gingerly gets behind the wheel of the
text: Packard. He hits the gas and the Packard lurches down the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. ACME FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Doom's car is parked inside. There are several other
text: vehicles as well. There's a steamroller, a road grader, and
text: a huge modified tanker truck. It's mounted with a thousand
text: gallon vat, the contents of which are being stirred by a
text: motorized unit. All the vehicles are marked with a large
text: green four-leaf clover logo.
speaker_heading: VALIANT AND JESSICA
text: are held at gunpoint by a couple of Weasles, while several
text: others are busy JACKHAMMERING the brick wall at the far end
text: of the factory. Doom pulls on his rubber gloves, turns to
dialog: the Weasles.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Frisk them. See if they have the will.
text: Several Weasles rush for the opportunity to frisk Jessica.
text: The head Weasle slaps the others away. Then WHEEZING
text: laciviously, he turns to the task. He starts to move his
text: hands over her body when Jessica stomps her heel on his feet.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Get your hands off me, you little
dialog: rodent!
text: The Weasle hops away angrily and quickly frisks Valiant. He
text: turns to Doom and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: No matter.
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: I don't expect the will to show up in
text: the next fifteen minutes. By then
dialog: Cloverleaf will own Toontown quite
dialog: legally.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: So you're Cloverleaf?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: No one person is Cloverleaf. We're a
dialog: vast company with diverse interests...
dialog: gasoline, tires, automobiles.
text: AT THE BRICK WALL
text: The jackhammering has stopped. A Weasle plucks one brick out
text: of the wall. Toon light beams through. He reaches into the
text: hole in the wall and comes out holding a bunch of Toon
text: bananas. WHEEZING wickedly, he passes them out to his
text: compatriots. They devour the bananas, throwing the peels
text: helter-skelter.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: turns his attention from the brick wall back to Doom.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Come on, Doom. What would a company
dialog: like that want with Toontown?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: It wasn't Toontown they wanted. It was
dialog: my idea of how to put the land to
dialog: better use.
text: Doom goes to the truck and starts turning on valves and
text: starting compressors.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: In fact, they thought my concept so
dialog: brilliant, that they offered me the
dialog: Directorship of Transportation. I've
dialog: accepted.
dialog: (to Weasle)
dialog: Bring me Mr. Valiant's gun.
text: The Weasle trots over and delivers Valiant's Toon .38. Doom
text: inspects it. He reads an engraving on the frame.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'Thanks for getting me out of the
dialog: hoosegow. Yosemite Sam'.
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: How sweet.
text: Doom throws the gun on the ground. He pushes back a long
text: lever on the truck, letting loose a tiny spurt of fluid from
text: the discharge valve. The gun disappears.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Dip?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: That's right. Enough to dip Toontown
text: off the face of the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. ACME FACTORY - ROGER AND BENNY
text: have been watching the proceedings through a window. They
text: turn to each other stunned.
scene_heading: BENNY/ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Dip Toontown?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: We gotta do something!
text: Roger scurries back to the Packard hidden outside the gates.
text: He opens Valiant's black bag and comes out holding Eddie's
text: real pistol. Benny comes tenderfooting up.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Roger, what're you gonna do with that
dialog: gun?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I'm gonna save them, of course. You go
dialog: for help. Find Dolores at the Terminal
dialog: Bar. She'll know what to do.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: Well... all right...
text: Reluctantly, Benny gets behind the wheel of the Packard.
speaker_heading: ROADSTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But you be careful now with that gun.
dialog: This ain't no cartoon.
text: Benny pulls away. Roger turns with determination and zips
text: back to the window
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY
text: Doom pulls the tarp off the top of the truck, revealing a
text: modified water cannon.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: You're sick, Doom. Where do people
dialog: like you come from?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Never mind where I come from. Just
dialog: watch where I'm going.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Don't you think anyone's gonna notice
dialog: that Toontown's gone?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: They won't care. Who's going to miss
dialog: some ridiculous talking mice when they
dialog: can have the future?
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF FACTORY - ROGER
text: is trying to jimmy open a window using his whole body for
text: leverage. He finally pops the window open. Gun drawn, he
text: climbs over the sill. And falls head first.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Roger splashes into the toilet bowl in the Acme washroom. He
text: bobs up. He drains the water out of the pistol barrel and
text: peeks over the bowl. He gets a determined look in his eye.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: It's time to make my move.
text: Roger starts to climb out of the toilet. He reaches for
text: something to grab onto. Unwittingly, he gets the toilet
text: chain hanging from the tank above. As he pulls himself out,
text: the toilet flushes. Roger has only a moment to register a
text: dumbfounded expression before he is sucked down the john.
scene_heading: IN THE FACTORY - DOOM
text: continues expansively.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Right here where we're standing, will
dialog: be the cornerstone of my idea... the
text: cloverleaf -- an elegant cement
text: structure that intertwines freeways.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: What the hell's a freeway?
speaker_heading: DOOM
text: A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes
text: of asphalt running uninterrupted from
dialog: L.A. to Pasadena. Pasadena to
dialog: Hollywood. Hollywood to Santa Monica.
dialog: Someday everyone will be in cars
text: driving happily, non-stop from one end
text: of the L.A. Basin to another.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's what this is all about? Tell
dialog: me, who's gonna use your lousy freeway?
dialog: We got the Red Cars, the best public
dialog: transportation in the country.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Not for long. We're retiring the Red
dialog: Cars. People will drive, Mr. Valiant,
dialog: because they'll have to. And when they
dialog: drive, they'll have to buy our cars,
dialog: our tires, our gasoline.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Why'd you bother to call it a freeway?
text: Doom steps up into their faces. Behind him, several Weasles
text: are fashioning a noose.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Has a nice ring. Too bad you two won't
dialog: be around to enjoy it.
text: Suddenly Roger EXPLODES out of the drainage grate in the
text: floor. His entrance sends the Weasles flying. Roger lands
text: on his feet, James Cagney-like, levelling his gun on Judge
dialog: Doom.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Get 'em up. All of you! Or I let the
dialog: Judge have it!
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Roger, darling!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Yes, it's me, my dearest. I'd embrace
dialog: you but first I have to take care of
text: some unfinished business.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Put that gun down, you buck-toothed
dialog: fool.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Go ahead. Give me an excuse to fill
dialog: you full of holes, pump you full of
dialog: lead.
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: How'm I doin', Eddie?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Real good, Rog... but maybe you better
dialog: let me take over.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Not before I satisfy my sense of moral
dialog: outrage.
text: Milking the moment, he shifts the gun from one hand to
text: another. He circles Doom, poking and prodding him with the
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You think you could get away with this?
dialog: Hah! We Toons may be idiotic, but
dialog: we're not stupid!
speaker_heading: POV OVERHEAD
text: We LOOK DOWN on the proceedings from high in the rafters.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL we're watching from the POV of Voltaire,
text: who's perched on the top inventory rack. Voltaire cleans his
text: fingernails, casually.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Yes, justice, Judge Doom. The real
dialog: meaning of the word probably hits you
dialog: like a ton of bricks!
text: Voltaire calmly nudges an Acme Ton-Of-Bricks off the shelf.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROGER
text: He never sees it coming. SMASH! The bricks land on his head
text: and bury him. The only thing we can see of Roger is his hand
text: with the gun in it.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Well, this is turning out better than
dialog: I thought.
text: Doom picks the gun up. The Weasles drag Roger out from under
text: the bricks. Big bright stars are circling his head.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (delirious)
dialog: Look, stars! Ready when you are,
dialog: Raoul.
text: Valiant shakes his head, but Jessica starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: I have missed you, Roger.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Tie the lovebirds together.
text: The Weasles twirl Toon rope around Roger and Jessica like a
text: cocoon. They hook them on a power winch. Then hit a button
text: and raise Roger and Jessica until they're suspended fifteen
text: feet above the floor... right in the path of the Dipmobile.
text: Doom hands Valiant's gun to the head Weasle.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Let him watch his Toon friends get
dialog: dipped... then shoot him.
text: Doom turns and starts to walk away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GROUND
text: He steps on a Toon banana peel and goes flat on his keester.
speaker_heading: THE WEASLES
text: always quick with a laugh, BREAK UP at their boss'
text: misfortune. The one guarding Eddie is so overcome with
text: LAUGHTER that he's slapping his thigh with his gun hand.
text: Valiant sees his opportunity. He starts to make a move
text: toward the distracted Weasle and almost gets his hands on the
dialog: gun when:
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Watch out, you idiot... he's going for
dialog: the gun!
text: The Weasle turns at the last second, sticking the barrel up
text: against Valiant's nose. Doom gets to his feet. He glowers
text: at the Weasle and knocks him on the head with the gavel head
text: of his cane. Doom stalks out of the room.
text: The Weasles scramble to positions on the Dipmobile. One
text: FIRES UP the ENGINE.
text: The streetcleaner brushes start to turn. The vehicle starts
dialog: to creep forward.
text: Another Weasle climbs into the turret. He puts Roger and
text: Jessica in the crosshairs of the cannon.
text: Beads of sweat break out on Valiant's face.
text: The Weasle, WHEEZING with evil glee, starts to press his
text: finger to the trigger.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: You guys think this is real funny,
dialog: doncha?
dialog: (to Valiant)
dialog: Eddie, do somethin'!
text: At the last second, Eddie shouts at the Weasle.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hey!
text: The Weasle turns to him.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Before you pull the trigger, I want you
dialog: to know somethin' about the guy you're
text: about to dip.
text: Suddenly, Eddie breaks into the "Looney Tooney Song". The
text: song Roger had sung in the bar. The silly voice that comes
text: out of his mouth surprises everybody, especially Roger.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: sings)
dialog: 'His name is Roger Rabbit
dialog: He's got a crazy habit...'
text: Valiant starts skulking across the floor. It's a cross
text: between Groucho Marx and a Chuck Berry Duck Walk.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: sings)
dialog: 'He likes to sing and dance and yuk
dialog: So brighten up and smile you
dialog: schmuck...'
text: Valiant starts "hoo-hooing", slapping himself in the
text: forehead. Now the Weasles start GIGGLING. They've never
dialog: seen a human do this before.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: 'Now my name's Eddie V
dialog: I'm looney too you'll see'
text: Valiant flips into a handstand and starts walking on his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'I walk with my hands
dialog: And I shake with my feet...'
text: He offers his foot to a Weasle who shakes it. The others
text: HOWL. Eddie flips upright and grabs a stick of Acme
dialog: dynamite.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: 'I think dynamite
dialog: Is swell to eat'.
text: Eddie takes a bite out of the Toon dynamite and acts like
text: he's savoring it. The spectacle of this human doing this is
text: too much to bear. Now the Weasles are rolling on the ground,
text: holding their sides.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: He's lost his mind!
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Yeah, isn't it great? Keep it up,
dialog: Eddie... you're killing 'em, you're
dialog: slayin' 'em, you're knockin' 'em dead.
text: Roger means it. The Weasles are laughing so hard they're
text: giving themselves heart attacks. Valiant spins around on the
text: floor like a clock dial gone berserk.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo...
text: One by one, the Weasles keel over... dead. Opaque WEASLE
text: SPIRITS leave their bodies with wings and harps, and float
text: heavenward, still laughing.
speaker_heading: VOLTAIRE
text: alarmed at the scene below, grabs a brick and flaps toward
text: the ceiling. He throws the brick through the skylight and
text: flies out.
speaker_heading: VOLTAIRE
dialog: Doom! Doom!
text: ON THE DIPMOBILE
text: The Weasle on the turret collapses onto the trigger. The
text: unmanned dip cannon starts spraying, as the arm sweeps
text: slowly back and forth like an, automatic lawn sprinkler.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: hitches a ride on the last ascending Weasle Spirit, letting
text: it hoist him to the top of the truck. As he moves the Weasle
text: body off the trigger...
speaker_heading: VOLTAIRE
text: CRASHES back through the skylight and swoops down on Eddie.
text: He sinks his talons into Eddie's back and lifts him into the
dialog: air.
text: As Valiant is being pulled skyward he reaches for something
text: along the wall of inventory. He grabs a handful of Acme
text: Small Pills and jams a couple dowm the buzzard's mouth.
text: Instantly, Voltaire starts to shrink. As he gets smaller, he
text: can no longer hold Eddie up. They both descend as Voltaire
text: shrinks to the size of a chick.
text: The sprayer is swinging back towards Roger and Jessica. At
text: the last second, Valiant reaches up and blocks it. It swings
dialog: back the other way.
text: As Valiant scrambles up on the vehicle to turn it off,
text: Voltaire has found a box of Acme Big Pills. He pecks into
text: it... and after a beat, EXPLODES out of the box. He's now
text: three times the size he was before. Voltaire flaps in for
dialog: the kill.
text: Valiant reaches the turret just in time to swing the cannon
text: around. The spray of dip blasts one of Voltaire's wings off.
text: He spins earthward like a flaming Messerschmidt, finally
text: landing in the dip vat and dissolving into a black pool.
text: Doom arrives just in time to see his pet bird dissolved.
text: Angrily, he steps onto a giant Acme Mousetrap. He uses a
text: piece of Acme cheese to spring it, catapulting him through
dialog: the air.
text: Just as Valiant is about to turn off the dip cannon, Doom
text: lands on the truck. He knocks Eddie off the turret with a
text: flying tackle. They both hit the floor.
text: Doom gets up, leaving Eddie stunned. He sprints to where the
text: Weasle had dropped Eddie's pistol. Finally Eddie shakes it
text: off. He sees Doom about to reach the gun. He straps on a
text: pair of Acme Rocket Skates, fires them up and shoots across
text: the floor. He knocks Doom into a stack of Acme boxes,
text: toppling the whole shelf down on top of him.
text: As the sprayer swings back toward Roger and Jessica, they
text: have their last moment together.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Roger, I want you to know I love you.
dialog: I loved you more than any woman has
dialog: ever loved a rabbit.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Be comforted in the knowledge that as
dialog: we face the Grim Dipper, our paint will
dialog: be comingled for eternity.
text: They both close their eyes, waiting for the end. But it
text: never cames. The truck runs up on some boxes and the sprayer
text: arm swings back the other way.
text: Doom grabs an Acme slingshot, loads an Acme boulder and fires
text: it at Valiant. BLAM! It whacks Valiant on the head, laying
text: him out cold in front of the Cloverleaf steamroller,
text: Doom climbs into the steamroller and starts it up. He puts
text: it into gear and starts it rolling toward Valiant.
text: Valiant comes around to see the huge roller bearing down on
text: him. At the last second, Valiant rolls out of the way and
text: grabs an Acme boxing glove. It accordians out and smashes
text: Doom in the face. He goes flying out of the driver's seat,
text: turning the wheel as he falls. The steamroller starts to
dialog: turn in circles.
text: Valiant jumps Doom. But Doom is stronger. He throws Valiant
text: off and starts whacking him with his fist. He pummels
text: Valiant backward toward the drum of the steamroller. Valiant
text: grabs the nearest thing for defense. It's a can of Acme
text: Stay-Put Adhesive. He whips it up in front of his face.
text: Doom puts his fist right through it, covering his hand with
text: glue. He smiles at Valiant and hauls off again. Valiant
text: ducks. Doom's fist strikes the top of the drum of the
text: steamroller. Frantically he tries to pull it off. But it
text: "Stays-Put". The roller starts to suck his fist down and
dialog: under.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Nooooo!
text: Jessica and Roger avert their eyes as the steamroller crushes
dialog: Doom.
text: Valiant breathes a sigh of relief. He starts for the dip
text: truck as the cannon swings back toward Roger and Jessica.
text: But neither of them are watching the cannon. Their eyes are
text: fixed on the ground behind the steamroller.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GROUND
dialog: There isn't the messy pile of blood and guts you'd expect to
dialog: see if a human got run over. Instead, we see that Judge
text: Doom's remains have rolled out like a flat black pancake.
text: After a beat, an edge curls up with a CREAK. Now the whole
text: shape peels off the floor and wobbles to it's feet. REVEALING
dialog: DOOM IS A TOON.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Eddie, look out!
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: turns to see Doom stick his flattened thumb in his mouth. He
text: blows, re-inflating himself. His glasses CRACK and fall off.
text: Then his prosthetic eyeballs pop out. His teeth shatter and
text: fall out of his mouth like china. Underneath his latex mask
text: we can see his Toon mouth and evil red Toon eyes.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Holy shit, he's a Toon!
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Surprised?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Not really. Only a Toon could think of
dialog: something as goofy as that freeway
dialog: idea.
text: Doom takes the black rubber gloves off, REVEALING red hands
text: with long fingernails. He makes his fist into an anvil and
text: advances on Valiant.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: Is that so? Well, we'll see who's the
dialog: goofy one.
text: BLAM! From ten feet away, he smashes Valiant with a
text: bone-crushing punch. Valiant staggers backwards.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: By the way, when I killed your brother,
dialog: Teddy, I used to talk just like this.
text: Doom spesks in a Toony high-pitched squeak. Valiant
text: recognizes him now.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: That's right, me.
text: BLAM! Doom hammers Valiant again. He's defenseless against
text: Doom's super human strength. BLAM! Valiant goes
text: sprawling to the ground. Now Doom's hand turns into a
text: buzzsaw. He goes to administer the coup de grace.
speaker_heading: DOOM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now Eddie's gonna be deady, just like
dialog: Teddy.
text: With his last ounce of strength, Valiant grabs the Acme
text: Boxing Glove. He pops it. The glove extends across the
text: room, punching the release lever on the dip truck.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - VALVE
text: A flood of dip gushes out of the valve and rolls toward Doom
text: like a wave.
speaker_heading: DOOM
text: SCREAMS as the torrent hits him with a CRASH. But there's no
text: escape for him this time. The flood of liquid envelopes him
text: at the ankles. He dissolves into it like a melting candle.
speaker_heading: THE DIPMOBILE
text: continues forward inexorably. The arm is swinging towards
text: Roger and Jessica. It gets closer and closer...
text: Valiant tries to get to the truck, but it's too late. The
text: cannon has reached them.
scene_heading: CLOSE - ROGER AND JESSICA
text: They close their eyes, preparing to meet their Maker. But
dialog: nothing happens.
text: The spray of the cannon suddenly peters out. It dries up in
text: a harmless drip as the tank has completely emptied.
text: Valiant gets to the controls of the power winch. He hoists
text: Roger and Jessica up out of the way. The Dipmobile passes
text: harmlessly underneath them and SMASHES through the brick
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: TOONTOWN
text: is REVEALED in all its splendor. It's a bucolic setting. A
text: rainbow shares the blue sky with a smiling sun. Fawns and
text: butterflies, chipmunks and flowers watch curiously as the dip
text: truck rolls past. Suddenly it's lifted off the ground. We
text: see it's resting on the top of a TOON GIANT's head. This
text: Giant plucks the truck off his head, regards it, then pops it
text: in his mouth.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
text: lowers Roger and Jessica to the ground. We HEAR POLICE
text: SIRENS approach. When Valiant unties them, Jessica turns and
text: exclaims...
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: My hero!
text: Then she hugs Roger passionately. Valiant can only shrug.
scene_heading: THROUGH THE WALL - TOONS
text: start coming in. They look around at the scene, bewildered,
text: then gather around Doom's robe, mask and shoes lying in the
text: puddle of dip. There's a reddish slick floating on top.
text: Valiant wanders over and joins them.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Hi-ho, the Doom is dead.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: Dolores, Lt. Santino, and several other COPS rush in, guns
text: drawn. Dolores runs to Eddie and puts her arms around him.
text: Santino looks down at the remains on the floor.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Doom.
scene_heading: LT. SANTINO
dialog: Jesus Christ... that was the Judge?
text: Valiant takes the paint chip out of his pocket. He puts it
text: up against the red slime on the robe. It's a match.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That was the murderer of Herman Acme,
dialog: Maroon... and my brother.
text: Dolores looks down at the front of Valiant's shirt. A dark
text: stain is appearing.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Eddie, we better get you to hospital.
dialog: You're bleedin'.
text: Valiant looks down at the stain.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: That's not blood. That's ink. That
dialog: goof Acme squirted me with some the
dialog: other day. Why it's comin' 'through
dialog: now, I don't know.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: That's because it's
text: Disappearing-Reappearing Ink. Shows up
dialog: three days later. Gives you enough
dialog: time to get away from the victim so he
dialog: doesn't punch you in the nose. Great
dialog: gag.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: I'll treat you to a new shirt. After
dialog: all, you did save Toontown.
speaker_heading: JESSICA RABBIT
dialog: Problem is without Marvin's will, the
text: land still goes to Cloverleaf.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: That's right. If only we knew what
dialog: happened to that will...
text: Valiant looks up from his shirt.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Say Roger, remember that love letter
dialog: you wrote your wife at the Ink & Paint
dialog: Club?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: I think you oughta read it to her.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Good idea.
text: He reaches in his pocket, pulls out the paper and clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: reads)
dialog: Dear Jessy... How do I love thee? Let
dialog: me count the... I, Marvin Acme, of
dialog: sound mind and body... Hey?
speaker_heading: CLOSE - PAPER
text: The Disappearing-Reappearing Ink is coming up over Roger's
text: scribbling.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Keep reading...
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Hey, it's the will. I, Marvin Acme, of
dialog: sound mind and body, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo,
dialog: do hereby bequeath in perpetuity the
dialog: property known as Toontown to those
dialog: loveable characters...
text: PAN the Toon crowd, who are listening to the reading of the
text: will. It is a gallery of recognizable faces. Everyone from
text: Mickey to Bugs, Yakky Doodle to Yosemite Sam, Dumbo to Dopey,
text: Bambi to Droopy, Tweety Bird to Tinkerbell. They're all
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... who have given me and the rest of
dialog: humanity so much mirth and merriment...
dialog: the Toons.
text: The Toon crowd erupts with a CHEER! Hats go in the air and
text: they descend on Roger, slapping his back. Roger breaks away
text: from the crowd and joins Eddie.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - EDDIE AND ROGER
text: They stand side by side, looking out over Toontown.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: Well, Eddie, you still think I'm a
dialog: patsy, a simp, a chump?
text: Eddie wipes the spit off his face.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: No, kid, you're a real hero.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: I guess I am at that. Cigar?
text: Roger holds out a large stogie.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Why not?
text: Roger lights Eddie's and one for himself.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: By the way, Roger, you were right about
dialog: your wife. She's a good lady. I'm
dialog: glad you got her back.
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: And I'm glad you got your sense of
dialog: humor back. Think you'll keep it?
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: Only time will tell.
text: Valiant puffs on the cigar.
speaker_heading: VALIANT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Pretty good cigar. Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: ROGER RABBIT
dialog: From this box here...
text: Valiant glances down. The box says, "Acme Exploding Cigars".
text: He looks to Roger, but it's too late. KABOOM! KABOOM!
text: Their cigars blow up in classic Toon tradition, blackening
text: both their faces. Roger starts laughing. Eddie stares at
text: Roger for a moment, then he starts laughing too. They throw
text: their heads back in a HOWL. The other Toons join in. Pretty
text: soon the whole factory is shaking with LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: A TOON COP
text: dressed in blue uniform and hat with his back to us tries to
dialog: restore order in the Acme factory. As soon as he talks, we
text: recognize the stutter. It's PORKY PIG.
speaker_heading: PORKY PIG
dialog: O-k-k-k, mmmove along. There's
dialog: nnnothin' else to see. T-t-that's it.
dialog: T-t-that's all, folks.
dialog: (turns to
speaker_heading: CAMERA)
dialog: Hmm, I l-l-like the sound of that.
text: Then, savoring the phrase, Porky stutters out the famous
text: sign-off.
speaker_heading: PORKY PIG
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Eee-ba-da, eee-ba-da... t-t-that's all,
dialog: folks!
scene_heading: CARTOON MUSIC UP.
speaker_heading: IRIS OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
