dialog: 
speaker_heading: WILD THINGS
dialog: by
dialog: Stephen Peters
dialog: rewrite by
dialog: Kem Nunn
scene_heading: MANDALAY ENTERTAINMENT January 21, 1997
speaker_heading: 1202 West Washington Blvd.
speaker_heading: Culver City, CA 90232
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE -- BLACK
scene_heading: INTERCUT -- QUICK FLASH-FORWARDS
text: INSIDE A STEAMY SHOWER -- A wet naked woman and man wrapped
text: around each other in ecstasy -- legs, arms, hair, mouths.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: Moonlight reflects on a vehicle's shiny surface. FISTS THUD into
text: flesh. O.S. -- a man slams of the hood, rebounds away.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: LOVERS -- caught in FREEZE-FRAMES of green neon -- off, on, off,
text: on -- like a strobe's instant-images -- of gasping, tough sex.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: ON A GLEAMING POOL DECK of black-and-white tile -- two women in
text: soaked, clinging clothes -- fight -- hands squeeze a throat.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: A SCREAM -- a sickening hollow THWACK -- an arc of blood, two
text: teeth fall on dark stone.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: GUNSHOTS -- Blood sprays across the glass of a picture frame --
text: obscures the photo inside.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: THE SURFACE OF A SPARKLING SEA -- a distant emerald island. A
text: 40-foot sloop APPEARS -- shapes on deck -- we are about to SEE --
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE TITLES -- then
text: SHARKS -- underwater -- rip something into a bloody cloud.
scene_heading: END MAIN TITLES.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: A place of money and privilege. White coral buildings surround
text: an open yard. Tile roofs rise among banyan trees and banana
text: palms, shimmering before a blue blaze of sky.
text: Beyond the yard is the school's playing field and beyond that the
text: waters of Biscayne Bay, dappled in sunlight where the sloops of
text: the school's sailing class bob at their moorings.
text: For a moment all is quiet. Then, faintly, the HUM of many
text: VOICES, rising and falling, LAUGHTER.
text: The CAMERA PANS to the open windows of a building somewhat larger
text: than the others. The SOUNDS grow louder.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE BAY AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: A hundred high school kids sit before a raised, hardwood stage.
text: The students are not unlike the campus, radiant, well-tended -- a
text: veritable sea of adolescent sexuality -- bronze boys who seem to
dialog: have just come from the boats or tennis courts -- girls in tight
text: shorts riding high up shapely thighs, as...
text: SAM LOMBARDO strolls out onto the stage. The man is thirtyish,
text: drop-dead handsome. Dressed not that differently from the kids,
text: in an Izod polo shirt, khakis and boat shoes.
text: His entrance has an effect upon the audience, particularly upon
dialog: the girls.
text: KAREN and JANELLE, 16, pretty blondes, whisper then giggle.
text: NICOLE, a dark-eyed beauty, 17 but going on 25, watches Sam's
text: walk, then turns to the girl at her side...
text: KELLY VAN RYAN, 17, a fully-developed knockout.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: When we graduate the only thing I'm
dialog: going to miss is...
dialog: (with a nod to the stage)
dialog: Know what I mean?
text: Kelly's eyes are locked on Sam. Nicole has to nudge her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (still staring)
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: Sam is at the podium. He looks out across the audience. There
text: are a couple of flirtatious whistles, laughter. Sam smiles,
text: silencing them with a wave of his hand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We've come to the halfway point in my
dialog: senior seminars...
text: Cheers, applause. Sam waits for the kids to settle.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Beats study hall, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: JIMMY (O.S.)
dialog: No!
dialog: Boos as we FIND...
text: JIMMY LEACH, 18, grumge look, long hair. He sits with a clique
dialog: of white trashy types, or at least what passes for such at Blue
text: Bay School. Jimmy appears a bit more genuine, as does...
text: SUZlE TOLLER, a boyish brunette, seated nearby, but with just
text: enough space between her and everyone else to mark her as a
text: loner. She studies Sam Lombardo with a dark, sullen stare.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thank you, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Hey, man, at least in study hail I could
dialog: meditate.
speaker_heading: KIRK (O.S.)
dialog: He means masturbate...
text: This remark is greeted by a chorus of laughter as we FIND...
text: KIRK, one of the golden boys, seated with Kelly and Nicole.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Something Kirk with which I'm sure you
dialog: have hands-on experience.
text: Loud laughter. Sam quiets them again, then turns to the
text: blackboard, where he begins to write, in big letters -- S-E-X.
text: The kids start to cheer.
text: Sam writes another word -- C-R-I-M-E-S.
text: The cheering fades into silence.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: We've all heard the words, date rape,
dialog: sexual harassment. We've talked about
dialog: some of these things in this room.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Our speakers today head up the Blue Bay
dialog: Police Sex Crimes Unit -- Detectives Ray
dialog: Duquette and Gloria Perez.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're here to give you what we hope
dialog: will be a fresh perspective on these
dialog: subjects, and to answer any questions
dialog: you night have.
text: Sam turns to the wings, his hand out to welcome the visitors...
text: RAY DUQUETTE, mid-thirties, with the lanky build of a light
text: heavyweight, walks out onto the stage. He's dressed in a dark
text: suit, dark hair combed straight back above steel-rimmed glasses.
text: GLORIA PEREZ walks at his side. She's a good six inches shorter
text: than Ray, with a sweet face. Attractive but no stunner.
text: About five kids applaud. Ray takes the podium.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Thank you for having us. We'll each
dialog: talk for ten or fifteen minutes, then
dialog: open it up to your questions...
scene_heading: IN THE AUDIENCE
text: Suzie Toller suddenly gets to her feet. As she passes behind
text: Jimmy, we HEAR her VOICE, beneath her breath.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I'm not going to listen to this
dialog: jack-off.
text: She marches down the aisle and bangs out the rear door..
text: Ray pauses, a dark look on his face, then goes on...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Let's begin with a question. What is a
dialog: sex crime?
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Not getting any.
text: This draws a few laughs from the kids, a couple of thin smiles
text: from Sam and Gloria. And none at all from Ray Duquette.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: The kids change classes. Sam, Ray and Gloria CROSS the grass.
text: The kids swarm past. A pair of girls flash by.
speaker_heading: CAROLE
dialog: Have a nice weekend, Mr. Lombardo.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, Carole, you too. And be good.
speaker_heading: CAROLE
dialog: (beneath a pouty look)
dialog: I hate to be good.
text: The three adults ENTER an old wooden building.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - DAY
speaker_heading: SAM
text: This is one of the original buildings.
dialog: We have the offices here now.
text: The walls are paneled in wood, decorated with framed photographs.
text: Gloria stops before one of the photos.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PHOTOGRAPH
text: An old black-and-white, with that sepia caste harkening back to
dialog: another age.
text: A handsome young man of perhaps 14 stands at the helm of a boat
text: under sail. His hair is swept back, his eyes fixed upon an
text: unseen horizon. There is something in this boy's pose, in the
text: line of his jaw, in the clarity of his gaze, as if what he has
text: fixed upon is the future itself.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Anybody in particular?
text: When no one answers, she turns to find Sam at her side. He
text: stares at the picture, then looks at Gloria.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sam Lombardo. The first. Class of
dialog: 'Forty-Two
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My father.
text: Gloria does a slow double-take, looking from Sam to the photo and
dialog: back again.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Can't seem to get rid of the Lombardos
dialog: around here.
text: Sam and the detectives turn as a professorial-looking guy in a
text: baggy brown suit (ART MADDOX) arrives on the scene.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Art. Say hello to Detectives Perez and
dialog: Duquette.
dialog: (to the cops)
text: Art Maddox. A fellow guidance counselor.
text: Art and the detectives shake hands.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: So, did you set 'em all straight on the
dialog: ugly facts of life?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I have the feeling, they got it down
dialog: already. They're a step ahead of us,
dialog: Artie.
text: Gloria seems to find this amusing. Ray stands at her side, looks
text: at Sam. Sam feels it, makes eye contact with Ray -- a beat -- at
text: which point, Ray puts a hand on Gloria's back.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I've got that two o'clock in town.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (nodding)
text: Back to the land of grownups.
text: The detectives shake hands once more with San and Art.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Gloria)
dialog: If old pictures interest you, come back
dialog: some time, there's quite a collection
dialog: down in the pagoda. I'll see you get a
dialog: proper tour.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'd like that.
text: Ray opens a door for her. The detectives pass through it.
text: Art claps Sam on the shoulder, then walks off down the hallway.
text: Sam remains near the doors, watching as...
text: ANGLE ON THE DRIVE LEADING TO THE SCHOOL
text: Ray and Gloria walk past half a dozen expensive cars -- Range
text: Rovers, Beamers and Mercedes, to a plain, white Ford Taurus,
text: which they get into and drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - LATER
text: Cheerleaders perform a sensual dance on the porch of a wooden
text: pagoda. A rugby team runs drills on the grass, as out on the
text: bay, six tiny racing sloops tack toward the docks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOCKS
text: As the sloops enter the narrow channel between the slips one
text: student from each boat jumps onto the dock where he or she sets
text: about tying off the boat.
text: Sam is on one of the boats. Jimmy Leach is at the rudder.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (loud enough to be heard
dialog: by his class)
dialog: Okay, you guys. Good work. Now coil
dialog: those dock lines and I'll see you all on
dialog: Monday.
text: He watches his class clamber up the docks. His eye falls upon
text: the pagoda, the dancing cheerleaders -- Kelly Van Ryan in
text: work-out tights -- bare arms reaching for the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL DOCKS - SAM &amp; JIMMY - LATER
text: hosing down boats, stowing sails. They look up as...
text: A HUGE POWER BOAT glides past. The docks rock in its wake.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: All right. I could party on that.
text: Sam just laughs at him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's about all it's good for.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's the one to have.
text: He points to a beautiful triple-masted schooner headed out of the
text: bay, under sail.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The Windward Passage. I crewed on that
dialog: one summer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Long time ago.
text: He pulls his eyes from the boat, sets about coiling a line.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You know, I want to thank you for
dialog: getting me into this class... No way was
dialog: my old man going to spring for the
dialog: fees...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, you're working for it.
dialog: (beneath a laugh)
dialog: Least you're supposed to be.
text: He tosses Jimmy the coiled line. Jimmy's caught off-guard, but
text: catches it at the last second, then shares the laugh with Sam.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Can I play too? Or is it just for boys?
text: Sam and Jimmy turn to find Kelly Van Ryan at the far end of the
text: dock. She's fresh from cheerleader practice, in a white blouse
text: knotted at the bottom to REVEAL a flat, tanned stomach; open at
text: the top to REVEAL the swelling of her breasts. She favors Sam
text: with a coy smile.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: So who's washing your car this weekend,
dialog: Mr. Lombardo?
dialog: (off Sam's blank look)
dialog: The senior car wash, remember?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tamara's making a schedule. She said
dialog: you bought a coupon but you're not on
dialog: anybody's list.
text: Sam smiles, remembering.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, you know. Figured I'd buy a
dialog: Washing ticket, support the effort.
dialog: That old Jeep of mine's kind of a waste
dialog: of time, don't you think?
text: Sam places the coiled hose on top of a locker then starts up the
text: dock, Jimmy at his side. Kelly falls in with then.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Not at all. How about if Nicole and I
dialog: do it? We're working as a team.
text: Sam just looks at her. She looks back -- big, pleading eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay, try me on Sunday. I'm going out
dialog: to the Everglades on Saturday. You guys
dialog: can wash the mud off.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Deal.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I just looked out front. My
dialog: ride wasn't there. You suppose you
dialog: could give me one?
text: Sam doesn't answer right away. He looks toward the school.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You wouldn't want me to walk, would you?
dialog: I mean like, something bad might happen.
text: Sam hesitates, momentarily at a loss, then turns to Jimmy, who
text: seems to regard Kelly with something akin to physical pain.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What about you, Jimbo, you need a ride?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (still looking at Kelly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: A ride. You want one?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah. But I got my bike.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Sam's Jeep rolls out of the drive, Jimmy's bike in back, meaning
text: that Jimmy and Kelly are squeezed into the passenger seat, which
text: is fine with Jimmy. Kelly's thigh is pressed against his. His
text: arm pushes against her breast. Kelly is not so happy.
text: As they near the school's entrance, they come upon a beat-to-shit
text: VW bug -- stalled at a stop sign.
text: A John Deere tractor mower sits nearby. A groundsman -- a tall
text: black guy with a shaved head, waits at the wheel of the bug as...
text: Suzie Toller -- in black platform shoes, a T-shirt and cutoff
text: jeans, leans over the engine, fiddling with the car's linkage.
text: Sam pulls up next to the bug and stops.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We got room for one more, Suzie. You
dialog: need a ride?
text: Kelly rolls her eyes as Suzie turns to look at them.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jesus. Where'd she get those shoes?
dialog: Whores-4-Less?
text: Suzie's eyes go cold. She signals the groundsman, who turns the
text: key. The CAR SPLUTTERS to life. Suzie flashes a smile, then
text: sticks out her tongue -- which has been pierced by a silver stud.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's cute.
text: Suzie gives her the finger. Sam makes eye contact with Suzie,
text: offers a sad smile, while putting the Jeep in gear.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Suzie)
dialog: I hope you swallow it.
text: Jimmy turns, waving to Suzie as the Jeep pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. UPSCALE NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Magnificent old mansions occupy five-acre bay-front parcels amid
text: lush, tropical settings.
text: Sam's Jeep stops before a pair of gates with the words "VAN RYAN"
text: woven into their wrought-iron design. Beyond the gates a long
text: drive leads toward a huge stone house. Kelly jumps out, punches
text: in a code. The gates swing open.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don't forget the car wash.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I won't.
text: SANDRA VAN RYAN, Kelly's mom, big, sexy, aggressive, a young 42
text: in a string bikini, comes out from the side of the house. When
text: she sees the Jeep, she starts down the drive.
text: Kelly waves to Sam, then walks up the drive. When she sees her
text: mother coming toward her, her face hardens.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Is that Sam Lombardo?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Hi, Mon.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Sam! Hi!
text: Sam has already hung a U.
text: Sandra comes through the gate and up to the Jeep.
text: Jimmy is checking her out. All eyes.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Sam; as if Jimmy
dialog: wasn't even there)
dialog: What? You're going to drive off without
dialog: even saying hi?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hi, Sandy.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Why don't you come in, have a drink?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can't. Got a passenger.
text: Sandra looks down her nose at Jimmy.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: He can wait.
text: Sam glances past her, to Kelly, who stands languidly at the front
text: of the house, watching.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can't, Sandy. I've got to run.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I'll bet.
dialog: (then, softening)
dialog: Look, Sam. Why don't you come by this
dialog: weekend. We'll take the boat out...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Sorry, Sandy. I've got plans.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What? Running over alligators with that
dialog: silly swamp jalopy when you could be
dialog: sailing a real boat...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Swamp's where it's at, Sandy. Gives you
dialog: a look into the muck we all crawled out
dialog: of. You ought to try it some time.
text: Sandra gives him a hard stare, then marches off toward the house.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KELLY
text: still at the door, a cold smile on her face.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN CUL-DE-SAC - DAY
text: Neat little stucco houses -- some not so neat -- simmer in
dialog: tropical heat.
text: A BMW Z-3 Roadster stops at the head of the cul-de-sac. Nicole
text: is driving. Kelly sits beside her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: This is it?
text: Kelly looks at a pad of paper, nods.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Four-thirty-seven.
text: They pass a couple of teenagers playing basketball in a driveway,
text: a guy mowing his yard.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Nice.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What do you want, he's a teacher for
dialog: Christ's sake.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's here. Pull over.
text: Nicole does, before one of the not-so-neat houses. Sam's muddy
text: Jeep Wrangler is parked in the drive. Behind that is a red
dialog: Mercedes convertible.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - SAME
text: Sam and BARBARA, 28, a lean, beautiful country-clubber roll on
text: the bed. Barbara is dressed for tennis. Sam wears a baggy pair
text: of khaki shorts. Barbara struggles to escape. Sam grabs a leg,
text: kisses the back of her knee.
text: He pushes up the little white skirt, kissing her between her
dialog: thighs.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (getting just a little
dialog: breathless)
dialog: Sam, come on... I'm gonna be late for my
dialog: game...
text: Sam keeps at it. She's starting to weaken.
speaker_heading: BARBARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Not that I'm going to be much good after
dialog: last night...
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Eat a power bar.
text: Barbara starts to giggle. He's just about got her when...
text: The DOORBELL RINGS. Sam lets go. Barbara sighs.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Sam goes to the front door, opens it, to find...
text: Kelly and Nicole, holding plastic pails full of rags. The girls
text: are dressed in Blue Bay High T-shirts, cropped to REVEAL flat
text: tummies, shorts and running shoes.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Hi, Mr. Lombardo.
text: Sam looks over the girls -- a small, exasperated smile.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Look, he forgot. I knew it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No I didn't. Check out the Jeep. It's
dialog: nice and dirty for you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you might want to wait a minute.
text: The Mercedes is leaving.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You mean that isn't yours too?
text: The girls giggle. Sam smiles.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Where's the hose? We can set up.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: In back of the garage.
text: As they walk away, he is joined by Barbara. She watches the
text: girls with an appraising eye.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Is that Sandra Van Ryan's kid?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: She's going to wash your Jeep?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Senior class fund-raising gig. I told
dialog: 'em they could hose down the Jeep.
dialog: (off Barbara's look)
dialog: Hey, come on. It's for a good cause.
text: Barbara laughs at him.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Sam the philanthropist.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tomorrow, right?
text: Sam nods. Another kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S DRIVEWAY - SAME
text: As Barbara goes to her car she sees the girls coming from behind
text: the garage. She looks at Sam, standing in his doorway, watching
text: the girls. When he sees Barbara looking at him, he shrugs, then
dialog: waves.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR - SAM'S HOUSE - LATER
text: Kelly and Nicole, looking very much like the finalists in a wet
text: T-shirt derby, ring the bell.
text: Sam answers. He looks them over. A couple of houses down he can
text: see the guy with the mower, dumping grass into a can, watching
text: the girls, then turning to walk back to his house.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So, where you off to now?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Aren't you forgetting something?
dialog: (off Sam's look)
dialog: Your coupon. We gotta have it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jeez, that thing... Can't you...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Rules are rules, Mr. Lombardo.
text: Nicole laughs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: All right. I'll have to look for it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (as he starts to go)
dialog: Mr. Lombardo.
dialog: (as he stops)
dialog: We're running kind of late. How about
dialog: if Nicole goes on to the Mansons? You
dialog: could give me a ride when you find the
dialog: ticket.
text: Sam looks at her, as does Nicole.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Give me a minute.
text: He hurries from the room. Kelly turns to Nicole, giving her the
text: eye, pointing toward the drive.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (mouthing the words)
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Kelly nods, a mischievous smile on her face.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Sam is rummaging through drawers. He stops when he hears the
text: SOUND of a CAR. He goes to the window in time to see Nicole's
text: BMW headed down his street.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Sam ENTERS the room to find Kelly just inside the doorway, where
text: the water from her wet clothing has formed little pools on the
dialog: linoleum.
text: Sam looks at the water. He looks at Kelly. She moves a step
text: closer, allowing the door to SWING shut behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S NEIGHBORHOOD
text: A long, slow, Antonioni PAN -- time passes -- the cul-de-sac --
text: the sparkling lawns -- the kids with the basketball -- a jogger
dialog: passing by...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S PORCH - LATER
text: The front door. The door opens. Kelly comes out, fast, slamming
text: the door behind her. She walks down the drive.
text: There are tears on her face. As she hits the street, she begins
dialog: to run.
text: The man with the mower is now seated on his parch, drinking beer.
text: He watches as the girl runs by.
text: The teenagers are still playing hoops. They stop as Kelly jogs
text: past, sobbing. They watch as she hits the end of the cul-de-sac
text: and DISAPPEARS around a corner.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EVERGLADES - DAY
text: Sam, perched in the pilot's seat of a beat-to-shit old air boat,
text: rips through the Florida swamp land.
text: He glides across channels of water, then turns into the tall
text: grass which whips at the hull of his boat. Bits and pieces of
text: debris fly through the air. Sam smiles, swinging the boat
text: through a series of wide, sliding turns.
text: Suddenly he spots something. He throttles down gliding into a
text: shallow pool where... A HUGE ALLIGATOR, aware it has been found
text: out, whips about, stirring up mud, then scuttling OUT OF SIGHT
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sly old fucker. How you got so big,
dialog: wasn't it?
text: Sam sits for a moment in the silence. He pulls a pair of
text: binoculars from beneath his seat and looks through them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON HORIZON
text: All we SEE is a shabby collection of whitewashed buildings
text: shimmering in the last long light of afternoon.
text: Sam watches for some time. At last he lowers the binoculars,
text: revs up his engine and leaves.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SAM'S BOAT
text: as it moves away, as SEEN from water level where...
text: The old gator has risen once more -- just the eyes -- a cold
text: primordial intelligence, gazing out, unblinking across the murky
text: waters of the swamp.
scene_heading: EXT. SAM'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Sam's Wrangler pulls in next to Barbara's Mercedes. The Jeep is
text: muddy once more. So is Sam. He gets out.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S HOUSE - SAME
text: Sam ENTERS. The house is dark.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Barbara?
text: Nothing. Me CROSSES the living room and starts down the hallway,
text: where a faint light issues from beneath the bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME
text: Sam opens the door. He hears the SOUND of RUNNING WATER. He
text: walks across the room and into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SAME
text: Clouded mirrors, a shower stall full of. steam. Behind the glass
text: door we SEE an indistinct shape, moving about in the hot water.
text: Sam opens the shower door. The steam clears to REVEAL Barbara's
text: gorgeous athletic body.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: It's hot in here, just the way you like
dialog: it.
text: She grabs his shirt, pulling him into the shower's flow. They
text: kiss. She pulls his shirt open, loosens his pants. His clothes
text: fall away. Sam pushes her up against the tile wall, hard. She
text: holds to his shoulders, nails sinking into his flesh, wrapping
text: her legs around his hips as...
text: The water, dark with swamp mud, spirals down the drain.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Kelly Van Ryan sits on the dock, looking back toward the huge
dialog: stone house, where...
text: A YELLOW LIGHT burns in one of the upstairs windows.
text: Kelly has a shotgun laid across her knees. Slowly, she raises
text: the gun, pointing at the yellow window.
text: She holds it there for some time, then, softly, to herself...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bang...
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - VAN RYAN ESTATE - NEXT DAY
text: Sunlight streams through open windows, mingling with loud sighs
text: of pleasure... Sandra Van Ryan on top of FRANKIE CONDO, a big,
text: buffed-out Cuban. They're making love on the bed. She throws
text: her head back -- an explosion of hair -- gasps -- an orgasm is
dialog: near, as...
text: A cordless PHONE RINGS on the night table. They try to ignore
text: it. No dice. Sandra groans, finally pulling away.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Goddamnit!
dialog: (she answers)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, this is the attendance office at
dialog: Blue Bay School. Your son or daughter
dialog: is absent today, Monday...
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Jesus H. Christ!
text: She hangs up hard. Sits on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: What?
text: Sandra waves him off. She pulls on a T-shirt, then grabs up the
text: phone once more, punching in a number.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S OFFICE - BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Desk, files, a terrarium full of swamp lizards, above which a
text: photo of the Windward Passage decorates the wall. There's a
text: Waterford bowl on the desk -- etched with "Sam Lombardo -- Blue
dialog: Bay Educator of the Year."
text: Sam is working on the computer. The PHONE RINGS. He answers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Counseling.
scene_heading: XNTERCUT - SANDRA/SAM PHONE CONVERSATION
text: Sandra seated on the bed, one long leg tucked beneath her.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Sam, Sandy Van Ryan.
text: Frankie's eyes go cold when he hears the word "Sam."
text: In his office, Sam pushes himself away from the computer,
text: stiffening noticeably.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sandy... What's up?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Listen, Kelly skipped school. Have you
dialog: talked to her?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Shit. Here we go again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Didn't you see her this morning?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: To tell you the truth, I haven't seen
dialog: her since Friday.
text: BOOM -- A SHOTGUN BLASTS outside Sandra's window. She jumps.
text: BOOM, BOOM -- more BLASTS. She jumps up to look outside.
scene_heading: SANDRA'S POV - KELLY
text: stands at the edge of the bay, launching skeet then blasting them
text: high above the water.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Never mind. I found her.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Listen, Sam. It was good seeing you the
dialog: other day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I haven't found anyone else can handle
dialog: the Jonathan like you can.
text: She glances at Frankie -- who has heard enough. He gives her a
text: long hard look, then rolls from the bed to walk from the room.
text: Sam remains silent, watching the lizards with their blank,
text: unblinking eyes.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. I know you're seeing Barbara
dialog: Baxter. So what?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So maybe I'm a one-woman man.
text: Sandra laughs.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You really think you're gonna get one of
dialog: these Blue Bay women to marry you?
text: Sandra pauses to laugh once more.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Grab a clue, Sam. You're a hired hand
dialog: around here. Enjoy it while it lasts.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Goodbye, Sandra.
text: Sam puts down the phone, looks at it -- a long moment as -- the
text: barest hint of a smile plays upon his face.
text: Sandra slams down her phone. She looks to the bay, to the sleek
text: racing sloop floating beyond the private dock.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: The nerve of some people.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE - DAY
text: The SHOTGUN BLASTS away. Kelly pauses to reload. She catches
dialog: sight of...
text: Sandra, approaching from the main house.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You seem to find guns therapeutic.
dialog: Maybe I oughta try it.
text: Kelly lets the gun's barrel drift over Sandra, then turns to walk
text: away. She moves toward the guest house. A used-brick cottage
text: tucked among the gnarled branches and roots of a huge banyan
text: tree. Sandra follows.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me guess, some boy didn't call and
dialog: screwed up the weekend. So you're
text: taking the day off.
text: Kelly looks toward the main house, in time to see...
text: Frankie walk from the bedroom and dive into the pool.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Which one of your "bodyguards" is that?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Whichever one I want.
text: Kelly turns away, starts for the guest house once more.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: PAN to REVEAL room -- the gun case, the animal trophies, the
text: photos -- One of a stately old gentleman in an elaborate wicker
text: chair, a cane at his side, a bowler on his knee. Others of Kelly
text: and a handsome middle-aged man in safari gear, posing with their
text: rifles above slain wildebeests and bison.
text: Sandra and Kelly ENTER. Kelly puts down the shotgun, turns,
text: tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Okay, what's the matter?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You notice my new jumper?
text: Kelly does a three-sixty, like a model on a runway.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: My friends buy me clothes, so I don't
dialog: look like trash.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I would hardly say you look like trash.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No thanks to you.
text: She sits on the bed. Sandra moves to stand over her, angry now.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Come off of it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You run with all these little trust fund
dialog: brats... They think money grows on
dialog: trees. It doesn't. Believe me. And a
dialog: lot of your little friends are gonna
dialog: learn that one the hard way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm trying to spare you that.
text: Kelly goes to one shoulder on the bed, sobbing now. Her mother
text: continues to stand over her, suddenly more perplexed than angry.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly. What is it?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I miss Dad.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Well, I do too, sometimes...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No you don't.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: He didn't have to kill himself, Kelly.
dialog: He could have gone out and gotten a job.
dialog: Christ, he could've found another rich
dialog: woman... He never had a problem tucking
dialog: my friends when we were married.
text: She pauses as Kelly cries all the harder.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know why he did it. I really
dialog: don't...
text: Her voice trails away, as meanwhile Kelly has drawn herself up
text: into a fetal position on the bed. The sobbing has stopped but
text: her shoulders continue to shake. Sandra sits on the edge of the
text: bed, reaches over to rub Kelly's back.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I get you anything?
text: Kelly shakes her head, no.
text: Her mother looks at her, clearly at a loss. At last she stands.
text: She is headed out of the room when Kelly says something, but the
text: words are indistinct, as her fists are pressed against her mouth.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What, honey? I can't hear you.
text: There is a long beat as Kelly collects herself. She stares at
text: the wall, her eyes filled with tears, but when she speaks she
text: enunciates each word.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I said. I was raped.
text: Sandra looks as if she has been struck.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I was raped.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: By Sam Lombardo.
text: Sandra moves over to the bed, sits once more.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: He... Sam Lombardo?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yes. God, Mom...
text: Kelly begins to cry. Sandra pulls her upright, cradling her in
text: her arms, eyes on fire.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY POLICE STATION - DAY
text: An old Spanish-style building sits before a neat square of grass.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (V.O.)
dialog: My daughter does not get raped in Blue
dialog: Bay!
scene_heading: INT. STATION HOUSE - INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: Sandra slams a fist on the conference table.
text: Kelly is seated between her mother and her mother's attorney, TOM
text: BAXTER. Baxter sports an Italian suit and a lethal Alexander
dialog: Haig look.
text: Seated across from these three are Ray, Gloria and BRYCE HUNTER,
dialog: the local D.A.
text: Silence follows Sandra's outburst. Baxter reaches to squeeze
text: Sandra's shoulder. Kelly puts her face in her hands.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (in a quiet voice)
dialog: You're saying that Kelly was raped by
dialog: Sam Lombardo.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: That's right.
text: Ray and Gloria exchange looks. Gloria in particular looks
text: slightly stunned.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: The guidance counselor at Blue Bay?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: The guidance counselor at Blue Bay.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We understand your feelings, Ms. Van
dialog: Ryan. But please, we'd like some time
dialog: with Kelly. We'd like to take her
dialog: statement alone.
text: Baxter nods, yes. Sandra looks at Kelly.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Are you okay for this?
text: Kelly nods.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (CONT'D)
dialog: The man must be insane to think he can
dialog: do this to me...
text: Tom Baxter takes her by the arm as Ray CROSSES the room to open
text: the door. Bryce Hunter walks out with then.
text: Gloria takes a seat closer to Kelly. When she speaks, she is
text: very calm and quiet.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: How are you, Kelly? Would you like to
dialog: take a break for a minute?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I just want to get it over with. My
dialog: mom's making me do this. I just want to
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I know you do.
text: She waits as Ray sets up a camera on a tripod.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CCNT'D)
dialog: We'd like to videotape the statement if
dialog: that's all right with you.
text: Kelly shrugs.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know this is not pleasant, Kelly. But
dialog: these are serious charges and we need to
dialog: know everything that happened between
dialog: you and Mr. Lombardo.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you ready?
text: Kelly nods.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON VIDEO MONITOR - KELLY'S STATEMENT
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He started rubbing my shoulders. Said
dialog: must be sore after washing cars. I...
dialog: let him I mean he's a nice guy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know... It was so fast. I
text: closed my eyes. I remember his hands
dialog: moved to my breasts. I mean just for a
dialog: second it was nice... I forgot whore I
dialog: was. I mean he's so gorgeous...
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL...
scene_heading: INT. STATION HOUSE - DAY
text: Ray, Gloria and Bryce Hunter stand at one end of the long
text: conference table, watching the playback of Kelly's tape.
text: BACK TO VIDEOTAPE
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: The next thing... his hand was in my
dialog: shorts... you know, from behind. His
dialog: fingers... his fingers...
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: Take your time.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: They were in me. Both places... you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He said something like, "Do you want it
dialog: dirty7" or something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I tried to turn away, but he pushed me
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: Was there penetration? Did he put
dialog: himself inside you?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yes. I said stop. I screamed. I mean
dialog: that's how it sounded in my head. He
dialog: hurt me...
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
text: (as Kelly breaks into
dialog: tears)
dialog: That's okay, Kelly. You're doing fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I have to ask you something here.
dialog: When you say it hurt. Was this the
dialog: first time a man was inside you?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No. I've done it a couple of times, I
dialog: mean with guys I dated. But this
dialog: hurt... like, he was built... you
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: He was large?
text: Kelly nods, starts to break down again, then holds it off.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S., CONT'D)
dialog: Did you try to fight him?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I... he had my wrists pinned behind me.
dialog: I remember my hands were cold.'
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He kept saying, "Let it happen, let it
dialog: happen." Then he just stopped.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: You mean he withdrew...
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: Not at first. He was still inside but
dialog: he wasn't moving or anything... He said
dialog: we had this secret. And that now he'd
dialog: be able to help me... because we were
dialog: close... Something like that. I don't
dialog: know. It's hard to remember, exactly.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (O.S.)
dialog: Try, Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I know one thing he said. It was
dialog: when... when he took himself out and was
text: standing up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He said, "Don't worry, I didn't come."
dialog: I can't forget that. He said, "No
dialog: little girl can ever make me come."
text: The tape is paused -- FREEZES on Kelly's face ON SCREEN.
scene_heading: BACK TO RAY, GLORIA &amp; HUNTER
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: "No little girl can ever make me come."
dialog: Jesus. Too bad. We might have some
dialog: physical evidence.
text: Ray and Gloria stare at the screen.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I don't know. It feels wrong.
text: Ray and Hunter look at her.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I think she's acting. I think she set
dialog: it up to be alone with him because she
dialog: wanted him to come on to her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think maybe she's upset that he
dialog: didn't...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Or maybe she thought that was what she
dialog: wanted and she got a little more than
dialog: she bargained for...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: The line I get on this guy, is that he's
dialog: done half the women in Blue Bay.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That doesn't make him a child rapist.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's something else. This girl's had
dialog: some problems. Wrecked a couple of her
dialog: mom's cars. Ran away...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Where's this coming from?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I worked Juvenile in Dade County for
dialog: three years. We had a missing persons
dialog: on Kelly Van Ryan for two weeks... Maybe
dialog: a year ago... The family kept it out of
dialog: the papers.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That would make it about the time of her
dialog: old man's suicide. You don't think that
dialog: could explain some erratic behavior?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: All I'm saying is, I think we should go
dialog: slow here.
text: Hunter puts his hands together, thinking. He looks from Ray to
dialog: Gloria, than back to Ray.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I want a full-scale investigation.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You know what that will mean for
dialog: Lombardo.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I don't care. You heard that girl's
dialog: statement. I think he's dirty. Get me
dialog: a case.
text: Gloria and Ray watch as Hunter gets up and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Well you were a big help. You know
dialog: what's going to happen if we go
text: full-bore on this.
text: Ray looks at the screen.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's our job, Gloria.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Hunter's making it our job because
dialog: Sandra Van Ryan's got a bug up his ass.
dialog: You know that as well as I do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're gonna trash this guy's life and I
dialog: keep asking myself if it's really
dialog: necessary.
text: Ray thinks this over. He continues to study the screen.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SCREEN - KELLY'S FACE
speaker_heading: RAY (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, well, maybe you're wrong about
dialog: him. Maybe he's got it coming.
scene_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE - INVESTIGATION
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - DAY
text: Ray takes notes, talks with neighbors, kids, lawn mower man.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Gloria talks with students -- Jimmy, Nicole, others.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sam sits at his desk, toying with a pencil. He watches students
text: pass -- no smiles, no waves, an occasional dark look.
text: Through the press of students Sam sees Art at the door of his
text: office. The two men look at one another. At which point...
text: Gloria, followed by Ray, steps INTO SCENE. The detectives shake
text: hands with Art. As Art turns to close the door, Sam falls within
text: his line of vision. Art looks away. The door swings shut.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL DOCKS - LATER
text: The sky has begun to color. Art Maddox stands on the grass at
text: the end of the channel separating the slips, watching as...
text: A lone sailboat tacks toward the school.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOAT - SAM &amp; JIMMY
text: Sam drops his sail, leaving himself just enough momentum to
text: cruise expertly into the little channel then into the slip.
text: Art watches as Jimmy jumps from the boat, ties it off.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's good, Jimbo. I'll see you on
dialog: Monday.
text: Jimmy hesitates, he wants to say something. Sam waves him off.
text: Jimmy gives Art a hard look and heads for the grass.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Art, nodding after
dialog: Jimmy)
dialog: What's left of my sailing class.
text: Art studies the dock between his feet.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Talk to me Artie.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Kelly Van Ryan...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: ... is accusing me of rape. Jimmy told
dialog: me. Apparently I'm the last to know...
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: Sam... I...
dialog: (a long beat)
text: Sandra Van Ryan's been on the horn with
dialog: every member of the school board all day
dialog: long. She's pushing for suspension...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This is insane.
text: Art shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: All I can tell you Sam, is hang in
dialog: there. They clear you of this mess, you
dialog: get reinstated, with back pay...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's great. I'll just tell my
dialog: creditors I'm not a rapist. No
dialog: problem... Shit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't believe the board's going to act
dialog: without even hearing my side of it.
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: The Van Ryan family created Blue Bay.
dialog: They built the school... Sandra Van Ryan
dialog: calls up the board and says kiss my ass,
text: they say, left, right, or in the middle.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're gonna need some help on this one,
dialog: Sam. You're gonna need a lawyer, and
dialog: he'd better be a good one.
scene_heading: EXT. STRIP MALL - DAY
dialog: Typical of its kind -- a Blockbuster Video, a 7-Eleven, half a
text: dozen small businesses, one of which, sandwiched between a donut
text: shop and the Mongolian Beef Bowl, bears the sign: "KEN BOWDEN --
text: ATTORNEY AT LAW."
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Sam sits in a cramped waiting room, leafing through a magazine.
text: An attractive young SECRETARY sits a few feet away, behind her
text: desk. Her PHONE RINGS. She picks it up, then turns to Sam,
text: favoring him with a flirtatious smile.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mr. Bowden will see you now.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Ken Bowden, a slightly oily-looking young man in a nice suit and
text: a large, padded neck brace, rises to shake Sam's hand.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Sam, hey, it's been a while.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Looked for you at the ten year reunion.
dialog: You missed out. Three days at the
dialog: Disneyworld Hotel... Partied ourselves
dialog: silly.
text: Sam nods.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Couple of your old flames were there.
dialog: You remember Jill, with the knockers.
text: Ken holds his hands out in front of his chest.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
text: Blew up like the Goodyear blimp.
text: Sam forces a smile.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But check this...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Ken. I'm in some trouble. I need an
dialog: attorney and you're the only one I know.
dialog: So I figured I'd start here.
text: Ken stops, puts on a serious face.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Well, I'm glad you did. And I'm sorry.
text: (folding his hands before
dialog: him)
dialog: Why don't you tell me about it.
text: Sam looks at him. He starts to speak, then checks himself.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What did you do to your neck?
text: Ken puts a hand to his throat, as if aware of the brace for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Oh this... chiropractor did a number on
dialog: me.
text: He takes the brace off, tossing it on his desk.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't really have to wear the thing
dialog: all the time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A guy from the insurance was here.
text: Ken smiles. Sam looks slightly ill.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead, Sam. Shoot. Let's see what
dialog: we've got here.
scene_heading: EXT. A BLUE HAY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Trendy nouveau. A valet parks Sam's Jeep.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURLNT - SAME
text: Sam walks across a tiled entry. He looks tired, but smiles at
dialog: the maitre d'.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Georgie, hey. I'm meeting Barbara. She
dialog: here yet?
text: GEORGE looks stiff, maybe a little nervous. Sam picks up on it.
text: He scans the room...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ROOM
text: Dimly-lit, crowded, but we PICK OUT Barbara, stunning in a
text: delicate white sun dress, tanned arms resting upon a table.
text: Sam starts toward her. George reaches out to touch his arm.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Mr. Lombardo.
text: Sam ignores him, threading his way among the people at a lavish
text: bar, then stopping short as he sees who Barbara is with -- her
dialog: father, Tom Baxter.
text: Tom Baxter sees Sam, gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: This is not appropriate Lombardo.
text: Sam steps to one side, makes eye contact with Barbara.
text: Barbara has tears in her eyes. She looks at Sam, then shakes her
text: head, looking away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Barbara...
speaker_heading: BAZTER
dialog: You're finished in Blue Bay, Lombardo.
dialog: You've been scratching at the door long
dialog: enough...
dialog: (as Sam faces him)
dialog: I ever see you around my daughter,
dialog: you're going to be finished, period.
text: The two men square off, but already we can SEE Georgie, trailed
text: by a pair of beefy characters in blue blazers making their way
text: across the room.
text: Sam sees them too. He takes a final look at Barbara. When she
text: refuses to meet his eye, he pushes past Baxter, through the crowd
text: and out of the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. AN EVERGLADES ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Red neon identifies it as Jim's Recovery Room. A handful of
text: trucks sit in a dirt parking lot, Sam's Jeep among them.
scene_heading: INT. ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The air is thick with smoke. Locals shoot pool. The walls are
text: decorated with dusty fishing nets and inflated blowfish.
text: An aging BARMAID -- good-looking -- once, runs a rag around a
text: pitcher, looks down the bar, smiles, finding...
text: Sam, alone, awaiting service.
speaker_heading: BARMAID
dialog: Sam, honey... Haven't seen you in a
dialog: while. How's life treatin' you?
dialog: (off Sam's look)
dialog: That bad, huh? Well, you came to the
dialog: right place.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE - LATER
text: Sam walks outside. He stands in the red glow of neon light,
text: looking toward the road... On the opposite side of which...
text: ... sits a sorry little collection of whitewashed stucco
text: bungalows, identified by a green neon sign as the Glades Motel.
text: Beyond the motel are the Everglades, a great expanse of darkness.
text: Sam stares at the motel. At last he gets in his Jeep. As he
text: EXITS the lot, a second pair of headlights flashes on.
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES - NIGHT
text: A deserted two-lane road cuts through the swamp. Trees bearded
text: with moss appear as ghostly shapes in the lights of Sam's Jeep.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SAM'S JEEP - MOVING - SAME
text: San drives -- a tired face. Soft MUSIC on the RADIO.
text: Something APPEARS in the road, caught for a moment in the
text: headlights. Sam swerves, whirls his head around, sees...
text: A GATOR sliding of the shoulder and into the murky water.
text: Sam lets out some air, relaxing a bit, then catches sight of
text: something else -- Headlights finding reflection in his rearview
text: mirror, coming fast. Sam watches as the lights get closer. He
text: looks back to the road -- an approaching curve...
text: Sam is into the curve when the lights catch him. A black Range
text: Rover moves out to pass, then turns suddenly into Sam's lane,
text: cutting him off.
text: It happens quickly. Sam swerves to avoid hitting the larger car,
text: but the road affords little margin for error.
text: The JEEP slides across a narrow shoulder, then plummets down a
text: steep embankment, CRASHING through cattails, rolling over to SLAM
text: BACK DOWN on its tires in a swampy gulch.
text: Sam slumps back from the steering wheel. Somewhere over his head
text: he can see headlights shining into the trees.
text: He hears a CAR DOOR SLAM, the SOUNDS of someone scrambling down
text: the embankment.
text: Sam tries to get out of his seat harness. Someone is
text: approaching, splashing through the muck. Suddenly a hand reaches
text: through the broken driver's window, helping him.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Are you all right?
text: The hands get him loose. Sam stumbles from the car.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, I'm okay.
text: He looks up to find -- Frankie Condo, looming over him.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: That's too bad.
text: He grabs Sam, pulling him OUT OF FRAME. What we are left with is
text: the SOUND of FISTS THUDDING INTO FLESH -- then Sam, hitting the
text: hood of his Jeep, slumping down into the muck.
text: Frankie is breathing hard. We HEAR him SLOGGING back up the
text: embankment. We HEAR a DOOR SLAM, the RANGE ROVER driving away,
text: leaving only darkness, and the EERIE SOUNDS of the swamp.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRIP MALL - DAY
text: Dazzling light. Sam's smashed-up Jeep is parked before Ken
text: Bowden's office, next door to the Mongolian Beef Bowl.
scene_heading: INT. BEEF BOWL - SAME
text: Sam and Ken eye one another over a green plastic table -- Ken
text: with his neck brace, Sam with a bruised face.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: I figured, you know, it would be darker
dialog: in here.
text: He moves a hand to his face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good thinking.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: You can tie whoever did it to Sandra Van
dialog: Ryan...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Lady has some deep pockets. That's all
dialog: I'm saying.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know how deep her pockets are, Ken. I
dialog: thought I might be able to save my
dialog: fucking house with an equity loan.
dialog: Guess who's on the board of directors at
dialog: the bank?
text: He pauses to look at Ken Bowden.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't you take that stupid thing off?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Not in here. Chiropractor comes in here
dialog: for lunch sometimes.
text: San sighs, slumps back in his plastic seat.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not in bad shape, really. I know
dialog: you think you are, but you're not. Let
dialog: me tell you why.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sandra Van Ryan.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: For you to be getting this kind of heat,
dialog: for what they have on you... It doesn't
dialog: add up. Sandra Van Ryan's got 'em
dialog: running scared.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'll tell you something else, you
dialog: rush, you get careless.
text: Ken reaches into his briefcase. He pulls out some papers, tosses
text: them on the table. Sam picks one up, starts to read.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nellie Gail Ranch...
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Sound nice? It's a fucking drug rehab
dialog: farm. It's where Kelly Van Ryan went
dialog: when her morn fished her out of the
dialog: swamp.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Meanwhile, you get educator of the year
dialog: I mean there's no way they can put
text: this thing in front of a jury.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shit, they haven't even taken your
dialog: statement yet. Reason? They're still
dialog: shoveling dirt and my guess is, they're
dialog: coming up empty. Now tell me I'm right.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: There's nothing for them to get.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Good. So what we're going to do is
dialog: march right to Hunter's doorstep. We're
text: going to insist they take a statement.
dialog: We're going to tell them to charge your
dialog: ass or get off your back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're walking a fine line here.
dialog: Defamation of character, malicious
dialog: prosecution...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just want my life back...
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Fair enough. Let's go make a statement.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: Everyone's looking a little tired, with the possible exception of
text: Ray. At this moment he sits back in his chair, staring at Sam.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Why don't you tell us one more time, how
dialog: Kelly came to be with you, alone in your
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (with growing impatience)
dialog: Story's the same, Detective...
text: Ken pats him on the arm. When Sam speaks again, it is in a
text: calmer voice, calm but tired.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I had to go look for this coupon.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The one you bought at school.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Like I said, I hadn't really expected to
dialog: use it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anyway, I'm going through a drawer. I
text: hear a car. I look out the window. I
text: see Nicole driving away. I leave my
text: room, and there's Kelly.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: In cutoffs, a wet T-shirt.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And she wanted to talk.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: But you can't tell us what she wanted to
dialog: talk about.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I could, but it's confidential. Look,
dialog: the point is, we didn't talk. I told
dialog: her this was not an appropriate time or
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And she began to cry. And you put an
text: arm around her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes. Mainly to turn her toward the
dialog: door. I told her we would talk on
text: Monday, in the office.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And when you turned her toward the door,
dialog: where did you expect her to go, without
dialog: a car?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Again. I think we covered this. I told
dialog: her I was going to call a cab.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: But she ran away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Did you call anyone? Did you call her
dialog: house to see if she got home? Did you
dialog: call the Masons?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Weren't you a little worried about
dialog: her...?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: There's a strip mall not half a mile
dialog: from my house. There's phones there. I
text: cruised the place, but I didn't see her.
dialog: I figured she was probably there but
dialog: that she was angry and didn't want to be
dialog: found. I don't know... Maybe I should
dialog: have called. But it's not like Kelly
dialog: can't take care of herself. I figured
dialog: we'd just take it up on Monday, in the
dialog: office.
text: There is a moment of silence in the room.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: But you do admit to touching her, to
dialog: putting your arm around her. Isn't that
dialog: against the rules?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It is and I don't. Ordinarily...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, I mean... there's this kid standing
dialog: in front of you crying...
speaker_heading: RAY
text: With a thirty-five inch bustline in a
text: wet T-shirt with no bra...
text: He is cut short as Sam shoves his chair back from the table.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fuck you. This is bullshit. I'm outta
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sit down, Lombardo.
text: Sam and Ray stare at one another. Ken puts a hand on his
dialog: client's arm.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: All right, all right... Enough.
text: Ken stands up. He walks to the two-way mirror set in one wall,
text: rapping on the glass with his knuckles.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: We came down here to make a statement.
dialog: We've made it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you're going to charge my client, do
dialog: it now.
scene_heading: INT. OPPOSITE SIDE MIRROR ROOM - HUNTER
text: stares at Ken's face, about a foot away. Ken of course can't see
text: him. Hunter gives him the finger.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - KEN
text: stares into the mirror, waiting.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: I didn't think so.
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Ken opens the door. Sam turns back to Ray and Gloria.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've spent the last ten years of my life
dialog: working with kids. I love what I do,
dialog: and I think I'm good at it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: These kids trust me, and there is no
dialog: way. No way in hell I would ever betray
dialog: that trust.
text: As Ken and Sam leave, Ray and Gloria are joined by Bryce Hunter.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Nice speech. Either of you buying?
text: Ray shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Not that stuff about her running away,
dialog: him trying to find her. That's
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: What about witnesses?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We've got three. Guy mowing his yard,
text: couple of kids playing hoops.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: And what do they say?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: Same as him. They saw her come. They
text: saw her go. They saw him follow.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Still doesn't explain why he couldn't
dialog: catch up with her. I mean how long does
dialog: it take to put on a shirt?
text: At which point, a COP APPEARS in the doorway.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Phone, Bryce. It's Sandra Van Ryan.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Christ Almighty. That woman's calling
dialog: me six times a day.
text: He starts away, then stops.
speaker_heading: HUNTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I think you're onto something, Ray.
dialog: Stay with it.
text: Hunter bangs out of the room. Gloria slumps in a chair, tired,
dialog: disgusted.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We failed to mention the mower guy's a
dialog: drunk, that he was after more beer and
dialog: never really saw Kelly go into the
dialog: house, so he can't say how long she was
dialog: in there. Same with the kids. They saw
dialog: her running down the street, but that's
dialog: it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: With no physical evidence, what do we
dialog: have? Her word against his.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're telling me you believe the guy?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: All I'm saying is, we let Sandra Van
dialog: Ryan push us too hard, we're going to
dialog: wind up looking stupid.
text: Ray is paged by his BEEPER. He pulls it off his belt, looks at
dialog: the number.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'd better return this.
text: Ray leaves. Gloria pulls a cigarette from her purse and lights
text: up, rests her head back in the chair, blowing smoke at the
dialog: ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - LATER
text: Gloria is grinding out the butt as Ray walks back in. There is
text: something in the way he carries himself, some sense of urgency.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (off Gloria's look)
dialog: Seen any good gator wrestling lately?
scene_heading: EXT./INT. DETECTIVES' CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Ray and Gloria drive through the Everglades, past marshlands
text: punctuated by thick stands of melaluca trees.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: They say it was old man Van Ryan planted
text: the melalucas to dry up the swamp.
text: Ray nods.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can go up to one of those trees and
dialog: peel the bark. You know what you get?
text: More bark. And more bark. There's no
dialog: core. Tree's not good tar anything but
dialog: sucking up water. And now they can't
dialog: get rid of them. They've tried poisons.
dialog: Nothing works. They don't die.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, well, Van Ryan got his. I don't
dialog: imagine he gives a shit now.
text: Gloria just looks at him. Ray stares into the dusty light of an
text: approaching sunset. At last he slows, turning off the highway
text: and onto a narrow dirt road.
text: A sign pokes out from the tall grass -- "SMILIN' JACK'S FISH
dialog: CAMP."
text: The Taurus bounces along the washboard road.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You're sure we're not lost?
text: They are driving now at the edge of a canal.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You remember that little girl walked out
dialog: of our talk at Blue Bay?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: The skinny brunette.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This is where she lives. She wants to
dialog: talk.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Beats the shit out of me why she would
dialog: call me at all. I busted her once for
dialog: possession. she wound up doing about
dialog: six months at Camp Nine.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You mean Camp Sixty-Nine.
text: Ray gives her a look. Gloria shrugs.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what they called it when I was in
dialog: Juvenile. It's a pretty dismal place.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's a shithole. But she was dirty,
dialog: what was I gonna do?
text: They pass a sagging chain-link fence, entering a quarter-mile run
text: of shabby trailers and cheap shacks.
text: The squalor of the buildings is seat in contrast to the beauty of
text: the Glades where the waters have gone to the color of polished
text: brass beneath an immense, darkening sky.
text: Ray parks before a ramshackle building covered in vines and
text: peeling paint. A sign reads: "NIGHT CRAWLERS $1 A BUCKET." The
text: jawbones of numerous gators hang beneath the eaves.
text: As they get out of the car, something catches Gloria's eye --
text: along the bank of the canal...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BANK
text: where a tall man (WALTER) with long white hair and tattooed arms
text: kneels inside a pen, slapping a huge gator on its snout. The
text: reptile lifts its upper body, hissing, opening its jaws.
text: Walter takes a stick from his hip pocket, passing it through the
text: gator's mouth. The jaws snap shut, incredibly fast, with a
text: hollow snapping sound.
text: Gloria jumps instinctively, then watches, aghast, as Walter slaps
text: the creature once more. This time moving round to the front of
text: the gator, sticking halt his arm inside its mouth.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.5.)
dialog: He's just showin' off for you now.
text: Gloria starts, then turns to find a woman (RUBY) has walked up
text: beside her. The woman is in her sixties. She's dressed in
text: polyester. Her hair is piled on top of her head -- too dark to
text: be anything but a dye job. A cigarette bobs from her lips.
text: Before Gloria can respond, Ray steps up behind than.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Evening Ruby.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I see you still got Walter. I was sort
dialog: of hoping something had eaten him by
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Can I help you with something?
text: Ray and the old lady look at each other.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Suzie called. You know where we can
dialog: find her?
text: Ruby looks toward the store.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You know the way.
text: She watches as the detectives CROSS the road, then calls to them
text: as they start up the steps.
speaker_heading: RUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You won't shoot her will you? I don't
text: believe she's armed.
text: Gloria turns, surprised. Ray gives the woman a long, cold stare,
text: then opens the door for Gloria.
scene_heading: INT. CAMP STORE - SAME
text: It's dark inside. The main light source is a tiny, beat-up
text: black-and-white TV.
text: Two elderly women in colored bouffant hairdos sit on a ratty old
text: couch watching reruns of "Family Feud." They look up as Ray and
text: Gloria ENTER then EXIT through a door in the back.
scene_heading: INT. SUZIE'S ROOM - SAME
text: Black walls. Cheap bookshelves, filled to overflowing. A wire
text: strung with dismembered doll parts runs the length of the room.
text: Suzie is propped on a ratty futon, an open book on her stomach,
text: her thin, white arms crossed behind her head.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Jesus. It took you long enough. What
dialog: if somebody was trying to strangle me?
dialog: Or fuck me in the ass, even?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I mean, you guys are Sex Crimes.
text: Ray manages a thin smile.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Meet my partner, Gloria Perez.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I did. At Blue Balls.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Seems to me you left early, before we
dialog: could meet. But hi, Suzie.
text: Gloria puts out a hand. Suzie looks at it, puts out a hand of
dialog: her own.
text: As the women shake, Gloria looks at the book on Suzie's stomach,
text: turning her head as if to read the title.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: It's Celine. He's okay. He had a
dialog: pretty good line on what cheap fucks
dialog: people are.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So Suzie, you called us, remember?
text: Suzie takes a cigarette from a pack at her side, lights up, blows
text: smoke at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Did they arrest Mr. Lombardo?
text: Ray and Gloria exchange looks.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Will they?
speaker_heading: RAY
text: It doesn't look like it.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Then he'll be back at Blue Balls?
text: Ray shrugs.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: That bothers you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Yeah, maybe, a little.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Why is that?
text: Suzie lets out her breath. She rests her head against the wall.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can talk to us, Suzie. That's why
dialog: we're here...
scene_heading: INT. POLICE INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: Suzie, Gloria and Hunter sit at the conference table. Ray
text: operates the video cam.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Okay, Suzie. We want you to tell us
dialog: about the day Mr. Lombardo gave you and
dialog: Jimmy a ride.
text: Suzie stares at the three cops around her, then at the camera.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You didn't tell me you were gonna put me
dialog: on the fucking news.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We need to tape the interview, Suzie.
dialog: No one will see it but us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now when was this, that Mr. Lombardo
dialog: gave you the ride?
text: Suzie stares at the camera. She's lost the cockiness she had on
text: her own turf. She looks small, white and frail in the sterile
text: room, surrounded by the detectives.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: About a year ago.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: He dropped Jimmy off first?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And when he arrived at your house, was
dialog: anyone there?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: So you were alone.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Did he come in with you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: You guess? Did he or didn't he?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Yeah... okay... he did
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: And then what... he touched you? Did
dialog: you maybe flirt a little...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I wanna go home now.
text: Gloria glares at Hunter, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Suzie, look, I know you feel bad. I
dialog: know it's harder to talk here than in
dialog: your room, but we need to get it on
dialog: tape.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just tell us what you told us before.
dialog: Tell us the truth.
text: Suzie huddles in her skinny arms, studying the detectives.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I didn't say a thing to him. He just
dialog: put his arm around me. Told me I was
dialog: pretty... I could be really pretty, he
dialog: said.
text: Another moment -- she looks at Ray, then at Hunter.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: What did you do then?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Shit, what difference does it make...
dialog: Nobody's gonna believe me anyway...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Suzie! Did this man rape you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Okay! He did. He pushed me to the
dialog: floor and he did it to me. Now, can I
dialog: go home?
text: She stands up.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: At that point were you able to fight him
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: No. He stopped by himself. Okay?
dialog: That's all. Let me go.
text: Gloria gets to her feet as well; she tries to put an arm around
text: Suzie. The girl jumps back as if she has been shocked.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't touch me.
text: Gloria's hands fall to her sides.
text: Suzie heads for the door.
text: The detectives exchange looks.
dialog: 
text: At which point, Suzie stops, turns to face the room.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: He did say something.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: He said, "No little bitch can ever make
dialog: me come."
scene_heading: THE SLIDING BAR DOOR
text: of a jail SLAMS shut on Sam Lombardo. He turns to...
text: TWO menacing PRISONERS.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: So you're the new chicken licker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: COURT TV IMAGE
text: The graphic -- "Prime Time Justice" -- then the anchor --
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (TV)
dialog: Today from Superior Court in Miami,
dialog: Florida -- Dade County versus Samuel J.
dialog: Lonbardo.
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL...
scene_heading: INT. ART'S OFFICE, BLUE BAY HIGH - DAY
text: Art, students, faculty members huddle around the TV.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (TV, CONT'D)
dialog: The Lonbardo rape case has galvanized
dialog: the upscale town of Blue Bay...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Video crews surround a limo as Sandra and Kelly EMERGE.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (V.0., CONT'D)
dialog: ... with its tabloid appeal -- Sandra
dialog: Van Ryan -- jet-set real estate
dialog: heiress...
text: Tom Baxter and Barbara jostle up the steps.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (V.0., CONT'D)
dialog: The powerful Blue Bay elite...
text: Suzie, in the company of Ruby and Walter, pushes past the video
dialog: crews.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (V.0., CONT'D)
dialog: ... the girl from the wrong side of the
dialog: tracks...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Bryce Hunter confers with his team.
text: Ken in his neck brace, ENTERS with Sam and a bailiff. Sam wears
text: a suit. Re's clean-shaven, recovered from the car wreck and
text: beating. Still, there is a weariness about him we have not seen
text: before. He makes eye contact with Sandra -- a cold stare.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (V.0., CONT'D)
text: In the end, the prosecution's case will
dialog: come down to...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hunter in front of the jury.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: ... what happened to Kelly Lanier Van
dialog: Ryan and Susan Marie Toller that will
dialog: forever change the lives of these two
dialog: young women? What happened in those
dialog: fifteen minutes alone with Samuel
dialog: Lombardo?
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SAM
text: The dark, seductive eyes.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - WITNESS WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Suzie, nervous, paces the floor, stops, lights a cigarette.
text: The other witnesses sit in chairs along the wail -- the lawn
text: mower man, cul-de-sac kids, Barbara, Nicole, as...
scene_heading: IN THE COURTROOM
text: Kelly Van Ryan sits in the witness box, dabbing her eyes with a
text: handkerchief while Bryce Hunter stands before her. The room is
text: silent, the spectators riveted on the scene.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Do you need more time?
text: Kelly shakes her head, no.
speaker_heading: HUNTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I know this is hard, Kelly, but I have
dialog: just one more question and even though
dialog: its something we've been over, I want us
dialog: all to be very clear about it.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: When you made the decision to stay at
text: Mr. Lombardo's house, after he had
dialog: offered you a ride. When you saw that
dialog: he intended to have sex with you, what
dialog: were your exact words? What did you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I told him, no. I said stop, Mr.
dialog: Lombardo, please... I screamed for him
dialog: to stop...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: And did he?
text: Kelly looks defiantly at the courtroom.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No. He raped me on the floor of his
dialog: shitty house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WITNESS WAITING ROOM - SAME - SUZIE
text: still pacing, as Ray and Gloria ENTER the room.
text: Suzie shoots them a nervous glance, drops her cigarette, bends to
text: pick it up, burns her fingers, drops it again. She curses
text: beneath her breath, wrapping her fingers about her shoulders.
text: Ray and Gloria watch her, exchange glances. Gloria picks up
text: Suzie's cigarette for her, puts it out in an ashtray.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You've got nothing to be scared of,
dialog: Suzie, just take a deep breath.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: PANNING the spectators, we SEE Sandra, Baxter, Ray, Gloria.
text: Hunter is on the witness stand.
text: Suzie is in the box. She looks pale, even more nervous.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: He pushed into me... I couldn't stop
dialog: him... it hurt.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I'm sorry... you said it hurt? Why?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Because... it was the biggest I've ever
dialog: seen. And I've seen a lot on their way
dialog: through Jack's Fish Camp.
text: Chuckling in the courtroom. The JUDGE glares, silencing it.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Ms. Toller, did Samuel Lombardo rape you
dialog: in your family's home on the 23rd of
dialog: April last year?
text: Suzie glances at Sam, hesitates.
speaker_heading: HUNTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ms. Toller?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I said he did.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Ms. Toller. I'm asking you now, under
dialog: oath, did Samuel Lonbardo rape you?
text: Suzie looks around, as if for help. The spectators stir.
text: Ray rubs his eyes. Gloria's are closed.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: This wasn't my idea.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I'm sorry?
text: Suzie looks at Sam once more.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Look. I just don't want to get into any
dialog: more trouble...
text: Tom Baxter rises to his feet. The Judge raises a hand, motioning
text: him to sit back down.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (to Baxter)
dialog: The Court would like to hear what Miss
dialog: Toller has to say.
dialog: (to Suzie)
dialog: Miss Toller.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Mr. Lombardo didn't rape me. He didn't
dialog: rape Kelly either. He didn't do
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS
text: Hunter slumps back against the prosecution table.
text: Sandra's hand covers her mouth. Baxter mumbles a curse.
text: Sam hangs his head in relief. Ken grins above his neck brace.
speaker_heading: COURTROOM LOBBY
text: The press corps scrambles for cameras.
speaker_heading: BLUE BAY HIGS
text: Teachers, students, Art, Jimmy -- crammed around the TV.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I don't believe it...
scene_heading: IN THE COURTROOM
text: Bryce Hunter and Tom Baxter are both on their feet, trying to
text: make themselves heard above the din.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Your Honor... I must object...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (hammering for order)
dialog: I think I made it plain that the Court
text: intends to near Miss Toller's story.
text: The Judge turns a cold eye on Suzie.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sorry? Just how far did you intend to
dialog: let this go?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't know. I just wanted to hurt Mr.
dialog: Lombardo.
text: Sam looks up, confused.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: He was my friend at first. Then I got
dialog: busted... he didn't even stick up for
dialog: me. I had to go away to that hellhole.
dialog: It's like, you're his favorite, then who
dialog: cares? You wanna know something? When
dialog: Kelly said we should do this, I thought
dialog: cool, all these big shots screwing me
dialog: over, like that cop, Duquette. Now
dialog: they're gonna get screwed.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Your Honor... Please...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Any more interruptions Mr. Hunter, and
dialog: the Court will hold you in contempt.
dialog: (to Suzie)
dialog: What you are telling me, Ms. Toller, is
dialog: that Kelly Van Ryan is responsible for
dialog: conceiving this entire charade...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
text: Kelly's pissed at Mr. Lombardo, too.
dialog: She's in love with him. I mean her
dialog: whole fantasy is him since her old man
dialog: died. Then she found out that Mr.
dialog: Lombardo was doing her mom. I mean that
dialog: was it...
text: Gasps in the court as --
text: Kelly BURSTS from the witness waiting room, trailed by a bailiff.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You stupid little bitch...
text: She grabs the first thing she can get her hands on -- a glass of
text: water from one of the tables and hurls it toward the witness
text: stand before the bailiff can pin her arms against her sides.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE LOBBY - LATER
text: A mob scene. Video crews are herded to one side by bailiffs as
text: Sandra and Baxter, with Kelly in tow, move toward a side door.
text: Sam and Ken round a corner, followed by Ray and Gloria who walk
text: on either side of Suzie.
text: Kelly sees them. She makes a run at Suzie. For a moment the
text: girls shove and kick but Ray and Gloria are between them in a
text: hurry, pulling then apart as Baxter arrives to take charge of
text: Kelly, pulling her toward the door.
text: Ruby and Walter arrive now too. Suzie runs to them and they lead
text: her through the crowd, Walter pushing people aside with his long,
text: tattooed arms.
text: Gloria heaves a sigh. Ray pushes a hand through his hair, then
text: turns to find Sam looking at him. Most of the press have run off
text: to follow the girls -- looking for more action. It is a quiet
text: moment. The two men lock eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've found that adolescents make the
dialog: best liars. They're old enough to be
dialog: good at it, but you want like hell to
dialog: believe them, because they're still
dialog: children.
text: Ray just looks at him -- a hard stare.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. KEN'S T-BIRD - DAY
text: top down, speeds on a highway, banana palms on one side, the blue
dialog: Atlantic on the other.
text: Wind buffets Ken and Sam -- who has a dazed look.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: (hyped)
dialog: Come on, let loose!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was just thinking about where I'm
dialog: gonna stay. I lost the house. It's
dialog: like waking up from a goddamn nightmare.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: You'll get over it. We've got a
text: knockdown, airtight, motherfucker of a
dialog: lawsuit against Sandra Van Ryan.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Just like that? These people ruined
dialog: your life, bro.
text: Ken pauses to thump the wheel with the butt of his hand.
speaker_heading: KEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you they were going overboard and
dialog: they did... They'll settle. Believe me.
dialog: They'll be begging to settle...
text: At which point Ken spots something up ahead. His smile broadens.
text: He swerves into the other lane, tooting his horn, waving, as...
text: The T-bird draws even with a sleek black limo.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't think you're overdoing it?
text: He pulls off his neck brace, dangles it in front of Sam's face,
text: then tosses it out the window.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - MOVING - SAME
text: Tom Baxter watches as the T-bird rockets off into the distance, a
text: white piece of foam rubber bouncing across the road in its wake.
text: A console TV is on -- news of the courthouse chaos.
text: Sandra is next to Baxter. Kelly is on the opposite bench seat.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I hope you're going to nail his scrotum
text: to the nearest wall.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: That might have been a possibility, if
dialog: little miss not-so-bright here hadn't
dialog: started throwing things.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Fuck off.
text: Sandra lunges to slap Kelly. Baxter stops it in midair.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: See what I mean...
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You're going to let them get away with
dialog: this... this shit? On the word of one
dialog: little white trash bitch...
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: You like seeing your name in the papers?
text: Sandra glares at him.
speaker_heading: BAXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave town, Sandy. Go to your place in
dialog: St. Barts. Let things cool down.
text: Sandra concentrates on the TV.
speaker_heading: BAXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll try for twenty million. The
dialog: cheaper the lawyer, the higher the
dialog: demand.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: HAXTER
text: The man's life has been destroyed.
dialog: There will always be doubters, no matter
dialog: what happened in court.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I'm not paying any idiot twenty million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: I said that's what they'd ask for.
text: Sandra stares from the window. At last she turns to Kelly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I hope you're happy.
text: Kelly seems to give this a moment's thought, then, smiling.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ecstatic.
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES - DAY
text: Sam cruises slowly across the water in his junked-out air boat.
text: He kills the engine, allowing the craft to glide to a stop.
text: He's close to where he found the big gator -- the same shabby
text: collection of whitewashed buildings we now RECOGNIZE as the
text: Glades Motel, shimmers in the distance.
text: Sam leans back, enjoying the silence. He reaches into a cooler,
text: takes out a beer, opens it, takes a drink, then pulls something
dialog: else from the cooler --
text: -- a bundle of white butcher's paper. Sam opens the paper, takes
text: out raw meat -- something disgusting to look at -- big red turkey
text: necks, maybe, which he tosses into the water.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON WATER
text: as the meat drifts down -- then, a sudden boiling, as -- quick as
text: the strike of a snake -- the huge gator EMERGES, jaws wide, to
text: snap up the morsel before slipping beneath the surface once mare.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - DAY
text: Ken's Secretary opens the inner office door for Baxter.
text: Ken rises from a desk to greet him.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Tom Baxter. Good to see you again.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Let's cut the crap. What does your
dialog: client want?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Besides an apology?
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Unless you're planning on leaving Blue
dialog: Bay, there's gonna be other cases, other
dialog: days... You might want to keep that in
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Okay Tom. My client wants your client
dialog: to saddle up... so we can ride her ass
text: all the way to the bank.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: A hot morning in June. Shadows angle across the campus.
text: Students line up at the old wooden pagoda, picking up caps and
text: gowns. A few turn, surprised to see...
text: SAM LOMBARDO cross the parking lot, ENTERS a building.
scene_heading: INT. ART'S OFFICE - ART
text: working at his desk. Sam's terrarium is behind him, his
text: "Educator of the Year" Waterford bowl, a storage box of files.
text: Art looks up at a KNOCK on the DOOR. Sam walks into the room.
text: It is a slightly awkward moment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Lizards don't seem to miss me.
text: The two men smile, breaking the tension.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: How you doing, Artie?
speaker_heading: ART
dialog: I... You know... I...
text: Sam waves him off.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Take care of my lizards, Art.
text: Art stands up. The two men shake hands.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE GUIDANCE OFFICE
text: Sam comes out, then stops suddenly.
text: Kelly waits for him. Kirk and Nicole are with her. A long
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Drop dead... You know where my mom is
dialog: trying to get the money to pay you off?
dialog: She's trying to break my trust. How do
dialog: you like that? I can't touch it until
dialog: she's dead and she won't give me a dime
dialog: and now she's trying to break it to pay
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Look, Kelly... I'm sorry... I know what
dialog: you've been through... I should've seen
dialog: something like this coning.
text: Art APPEARS in the door behind Sam. Kelly cones closer.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why don't you start fucking her again.
dialog: You can spend it together.
text: Kirk tries to take Kelly's arm. She jerks away, swings at Sam.
text: He ducks, dropping the Waterford BOWL, which SHATTERS upon the
dialog: floor.
text: Kirk bear-hugs Kelly. She throws a notebook at Sam.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate you!
text: She starts crying. Kirk and Nicole drag her away as a crowd
text: gathers.
text: Sam, shaken, kneels over the broken crystal. Art bends to help
text: him pick up the pieces.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You see. I couldn't stay, even if I
dialog: wanted to.
scene_heading: EXT. STRIP MALL - NIGHT
text: Sam's Jeep is parked next to the T-bird and Jaguar.
scene_heading: INT. KEN'S OFFICE - SAME
text: Baxter, Ken, Sandra, Frankie stand watching, as Sam signs papers.
text: At last Sam looks up, faces Sandra -- not a happy moment.
text: Sandra gives him a long, hard stare, then walks from the room.
text: Frankie prepares to follow her, then stops, looks at Sam.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: I'll be seeing you.
text: Sam just looks at him. The big man leaves. Baxter closes his
dialog: briefcase.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: So long, Tom. Come by sometime. We'll
text: have lunch at the Beef Bowl.
text: Baxter stops, gives him a cold look, then a surprising smile.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: I don't think you're gonna be eating at
dialog: the Beef Bowl anymore, kid.
text: He EXITS. Ken goes apeshit -- whoops, dances around the desk,
text: drops into his chair, holds up the documents.
text: Sam watches, smiling, finally.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks Ken, you did okay.
text: Both men stand, they shake hands. Ken claps him on the arm.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: (no clowning now)
dialog: Look, I know there's a part of you
dialog: wishes none of this had happened. But
dialog: it did. Now take the money and get out
dialog: of here. Find a happy place.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES - NIGHT
text: Moonlit fog -- the vast swamp.
scene_heading: EXT. GLADES MOTEL - NIGHT
text: It's late. A neon palm tree flashes across an empty lot as...
text: Sam's Jeep pulls in out of the night, parks before its bungalow.
text: Sam gets out, lifts his storage box of files from the rear.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: The neon's green light slashes across the dark walls through old
text: Venetian blinds.
text: Sam ENTERS, puts the file box on the floor. Arches a sore back.
text: He reaches for a bedside lamp, stops, listens, decides it's
text: nothing, reaches again for the lamp, stops again, listening...
text: BZZZZZ -- the high-pitched WHINE of a MOSQUITO. Then more -- a
speaker_heading: flurry of BZZZZZZZZS
text: Sam frowns, sees...
text: A cloud of mosquitoes circling him.
text: He checks the front windows -- closed. He goes around the bed.
text: The slightly ajar bathroom door with full-length mirror comes up
text: on his right. Ahead is a rear window -- wide open.
text: Sam stops fast.
dialog: 
text: Thinks. Lets out a breath.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Damn maid.
text: He steps to the window. He looks down --
text: Muddy footprints.
text: Sam freezes. He whirls around --
text: A sudden green FACE APPEARS in the big mirror -- like a nightmare
text: image -- lit by the neon flash, then DISAPPEARS.
text: Sam jumps back.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ahhhh!
text: The neon green face flashes again in the mirror -- DISAPPEARS.
text: Now the bathroom door slowly opens all the way.
text: Sam backs up, hits the wall.
text: Kelly Van Ryan steps out of the bathroom, a long object held at
text: her side, wrapped in a towel.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jesus Christ, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: So you got my mom's money.
text: Sam tries to breathe, manages a nod.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much?
text: Kelly prods him with the concealed object.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: About six and a half million dollars.
text: Kelly raises the abject covered by the towel, aims it at Sam.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Your turn to pay.
text: A moment -- then she yanks the towel away to REVEAL --
text: -- a two-foot-long novelty penis with giant balls. Her hand
text: grips the acrylic scrotum like the butt of a gun.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: King Dong! That's you, Sam!
text: She screams with joy, vaults into his arms, wraps those perfect
text: thighs around him. The dildo goes flying. They fall on the bed.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: It worked! We screwed the bitch!
text: She's all over him now -- tongue kisses.
speaker_heading: KELLY CCONT'D)
dialog: It worked just like you said it would.
text: He kisses her, finally gets her to sit, straddling him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: God, you scared the shit out of me. You
dialog: must be crazy coming here.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Of course I'm crazy. Ask my mom.
text: She kisses him again, more passionately now. He gets into it,
text: tears her blouse open, putting his tongue to her breasts.
text: A SHADOW moves on the wall, looming above them. Sam sees it, his
text: eyes widen. He tries to sit up, as...
text: BANG! -- an EXPLOSION. Sam jumps, knocks Kelly to his side.
text: A champagne cork hits the ceiling.
text: Suzie Toller stands over the bed with a foaming champagne bottle.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: How much is about six and a half million
dialog: divided by three?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jesus. Two million one hundred
dialog: thirty-three thousand three hundred
dialog: thirty-three and change.
text: Kelly screams in joy again.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Now calm down. Both of you.
text: The girls put on mock serious expressions.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: From now on, if we're seen together,
dialog: it's got to be accidental. I thought
dialog: that was understood...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hey, come on... We've got to have at
dialog: least one victory party.
text: Kelly grabs the champagne, takes a long gulp, pours some on her
text: breasts as she straddles Sam once more, inviting him to lick them
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly, for christ's sake...
text: She has begun to move like a lap dancer, inviting him to take her
text: breasts in his mouth, putting a hand to his crotch...
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: The only way we're gonna blow this now,
dialog: is if we do it ourselves...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (her hand in his crotch)
dialog: Do it to ourselves?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (weakening)
dialog: We have to stick with the plan.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Stick?
text: Sam gives up, lays back as Kelly undoes his pants, then moves to
dialog: get him inside her.
text: Suzie watches. She takes another drink, then tosses the bottle,
text: pulling off her top, REVEALING her small, white breasts, a couple
text: of tattoos, a pierced nipple. She slips behind Kelly, fondling
text: Kelly's breasts as Sam arches beneath them both -- all of them
dialog: totally into it now, losing themselves in the sex...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DETECTIVZS' ROOM, BLUE BAY POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: The room is dark and empty, with the exception of a single desk
dialog: lamp, by which halo we find...
text: Ray Duquette, in an aloha shirt, waiting as his computer's
text: printer finishes a job, as suddenly...
text: ... a new light rushes into the room. Ray turns to find Gloria
text: standing in the doorway. He stops as his printer finishes the
text: job. He pulls out the paper, looks at it, smiles. Gloria walks
text: to his desk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You saw the news today?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Lombardo's settlement?
text: Ray nods.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, well, I told you they were gonna
dialog: make us look stupid.
text: Ray gives her a long look. Gloria waits a moment, shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, don't back away from it, you were
dialog: right. We did look stupid.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What you were wrong about, is who made
dialog: us look that way.
text: Gloria just looks at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Think back, before the suit was filed,
dialog: before the trial. Lombardo had an
dialog: affair with Sandra, right?
dialog: (Gloria nods)
dialog: So why not tell us about the affair? I
dialog: mean it could be a hell of a motive for
dialog: Kelly to fabricate her charge in the
dialog: first place.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Maybe Lombardo's attorney was saving the
dialog: affair for the trial.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I thought of that. Then I said, come
dialog: on, you're Lombardo. Your reputation is
dialog: getting trashed. You want to stop the
dialog: bleeding. You don't want to sit in jail
dialog: for three months. Unless...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Unless what?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Unless you're setting up Sandra Van Ryan
dialog: for the big payday.
text: It is quiet in the office, save for the soft BUZZ of Ray's
speaker_heading: COMPUTER.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: They chumped us, Gloria, right from the
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Why? You ask me, Lombardo had it pretty
dialog: good already, nice job in a beautiful
dialog: setting, popular, an active social life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's gonna put this all on the line for
dialog: some dicey play like what you're
dialog: describing...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: The job looks okay to us. But look at
text: it from his point of view. The man's
text: surrounded by wealth and privilege. But
dialog: for him... it's just a reminder of what
dialog: should have been his.
text: Gloria gives this a moment's thought.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Your old man graduates from Blue Bay
dialog: School, you're not supposed to wind up
dialog: there. Board of Directors maybe, but
text: not in the lousy guidance office. Now.
dialog: Point number two.
text: (he taps at the printout
dialog: on his desk)
dialog: I've run a financial on Lombardo. Guy
dialog: was eyeball-deep in debt before this all
dialog: happened -- trying to keep up with
dialog: pricey trim like Barbara Baxter.
text: He passes the printout to Gloria. She looks at it, thinking.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: So what about the girls? Suzie's poor,
dialog: but why would Kelly have to steal from
dialog: her own mother? Surely her father...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (interrupting)
text: Her father didn't leave her squat. The
dialog: kid's got money in trust from her
dialog: grandfather, but she can't touch that
text: till her mother dies and Sandra seems to
dialog: have the idea that Kelly ought to learn
dialog: the value of a buck.
text: Gloria looks over Lombardo's financial once more, tosses it on
text: the desk, then studies Ray -- long beat.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: This one's got you working overtime,
dialog: hasn't it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I flat don't like the guy, Glory. He's
dialog: dirty. And I'll tell you something
dialog: else. You want to know how old man
dialog: Lombardo lost his money?
dialog: (beat)
text: He was fucked out of it by old man Van
dialog: Ryan, on a little item known as the Salt
dialog: Creek Land Deal.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was after the war. Van Ryan set up a
dialog: corporation to develop swamp land, got
dialog: investors like Lombardo to put up money,
dialog: then turned around and got the state to
dialog: declare the area an ecological preserve,
dialog: on the sly, of course, but everyone knew
text: it was him. The freeway went to the
dialog: coast, right where Van Ryan wanted it.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Eliminate the competition.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You got it. The rich got richer. While
text: the saps like Lombardo went belly-up in
dialog: the swamp.
text: Gloria looks at him a long moment.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Where'd you come up with this stuff,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (a long beat; then
dialog: beneath a smile)
dialog: I net a guy in a bar.
scene_heading: EXT. A BANK, BLUE BAY - DAY
text: Sam walks down the steps, gets into his Jeep, and drives away.
text: Across the street -- the white Taurus -- Ray and Gloria watch.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT BROKERAGE - DAY
text: Sam comes out, rounds a corner and is gone.
text: Ray Duquette steps INTO FRAME, turns into the brokerage. The
text: door swings shut behind him.
scene_heading: INT. SWIMMING POOL, BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Girls in tank suits finish laps, towel off. As the girls begin
text: to walk toward the lockers, they encounter...
text: Ray Duquette, threading his way among the girls, his eye on...
text: Kelly, alone on the deck, still dripping -- a Botticelli vision.
speaker_heading: RAY (O.S.)
dialog: Nice stroke.
text: Kelly, startled, turns to find Ray walking toward her across the
text: deck. She snatches a towel from one of the racing platforms and
text: begins to dry herself, wrapping the towel around her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Is there some reason why you're here?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Curiosity, I guess.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: About what? How to improve your breast
dialog: stroke?
text: Ray gives her a cold smile.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Actually, I was curious about how you
dialog: see things working out, for you, Sam and
dialog: Suzie.
text: This appears to give her pause, a moment of hesitation.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You all gonna go down to the Caribbean
dialog: together?
text: Kelly looks around the pool area. A number of girls are watching
text: from a corner of the deck, but no one is close enough to hear.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: The thing about it is, threesomes so
dialog: rarely work out.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You're out of your mind.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I've been a cop for a while, Kelly.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's hard enough for one person to keep
text: a secret, let alone three. And then
dialog: there's the love angle. I mean do you
dialog: and Sam really want that little
dialog: pill-head around, now that you have the
dialog: money?
text: Kelly starts to walk away. Ray cuts her off.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Am I right, did Sam sell you on the idea
dialog: right up front, of whacking Suzie?
dialog: That's murder, Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Police -- God -- get a life.
text: She moves around him and walks calmly away.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (loud enough to make
dialog: himself heard)
dialog: You're good. But you don't think that
dialog: little ditz Suzie's gonna hold together,
dialog: do you?
text: Kelly continues to walk, her face giving nothing away, as Ray's
text: WORDS ECHO over the pool.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL PARKING LOT - LONG SHOT - LATER
text: Only a few cars left -- one of them Suzie's old VW bug, at the
text: side of which Kelly and Suzie engage in heated conversation.
speaker_heading: CLOSER - SUZIE
text: paces around Kelly.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You don't know Duquette. I'm the one he
dialog: busted... He's a fucker, man... He'll
dialog: fuck us both over...
text: Kelly tries to take her by the arm. Suzie jerks away.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not going back to that prison.
dialog: That's what it was... a fucking hell
dialog: hole...
text: Kelly looks around the lot. She takes Suzie by the arm once
text: more, this time more firmly, pulling Suzie to her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Will you calm down. Duquette's gonna
dialog: come to you just like he did to me.
dialog: You're gonna have to be ready for him.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Yeah, but he can't push you around like
dialog: he can me. You've got family and
dialog: they've got clout. With we it's
dialog: different... with me...
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: (circling her with her
dialog: arm)
dialog: Yeah, I've got family and they've got
dialog: clout and now you have me. Right? And
dialog: Sam. Believe me, Suzie, this dickhead's
dialog: not going to send you anywhere. He's
dialog: gonna try and rattle your cage, and
dialog: that's it. Stay strong and he can't do
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Man, I wanna smoke a joint.
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL -- in the distance -- the white Ford Taurus
text: at the side of the road leading to the school.
text: The car is pulled just far enough off the road to be mostly
text: hidden among pampas grass and oleander, but angled in such a way
text: as to afford a view of the two girls now hugging in the lot.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILIN' JACK'S FISH CAMP - NIGHT
text: Suzie wanders along the canal, smoking a joint. At her back a
text: few faint lights flicker here and there in the windows of
text: trailers. She walks down to the little dock, sits on a rail,
text: takes another hit.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 'Evening, Suzie. How was school today?
text: Suzie freezes, holds back her exhale, looking around...
text: A shadow stirs in one of the skiffs tied to the dock. A man
text: stands, walks up the couple of wooden stairs. The light from a
text: trailer across the road glances off steel-rimmed glasses as Ray
text: Duquette steps onto the dock.
text: Suzie gags on the smoke in her lungs, coughs. She squeezes the
text: lit roach into her palm, then tosses it into the canal.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You ought to watch it with that shit,
dialog: Suzie. You get busted again, you go
text: back in a two-tine loser.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You got something against cigarettes?
text: Ray just laughs at her.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, they're bad for your health.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm tryin' to look out for you...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: That's cop bullshit.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well, you're half right. Best thing you
dialog: could do for yourself right now would be
dialog: to talk to me.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Every triangle I've ever seen never
dialog: lasts. Somebody's got to go.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Is this supposed to mean something to
dialog: me? What triangle?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You, Kelly, Sam.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't have to listen to this. And you
dialog: can't shove me around. I have friends
dialog: now...
text: She catches herself, falters.
text: Ray laughs once more.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Is that what you think? You have
dialog: friends? Is that what they told you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I don't mean who you're thinking. I
dialog: have other friends...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Suzie, Suzie... This is me, Ray, you're
dialog: talking to. We both know you don't have
dialog: shit, never have had shit, never will
dialog: have shit...
text: He takes a sheet of paper from his coat.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, Suzie. I want you :o look this
dialog: over. Know what it is?
dialog: (as Suzie takes it)
dialog: Sam deposited his check, transferred the
dialog: funds to an offshore bank, a numbered
dialog: account. Not even the cops can find out
dialog: whose names are on it. Think one of
dialog: them's yours?
text: Suzie looks over the paper.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: He also put a down on some island
dialog: property, and a lease-to-buy on a
dialog: forty-foot sailboat. You're into
dialog: sailing, aren't you, Suzie?
text: Suzie thrusts the paper back at Ray.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Get away from me.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't you see what this means? You
dialog: really think Sam and Kelly are gonna
dialog: give you a third of the money? You, the
dialog: pill-head with the rap sheet?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Shut up.
text: Ray smiles at her. He moves up close.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You know, I don't think I ever told you
dialog: I was sorry about your little friend...
dialog: What was his name?
text: Suzie tries to back away. She bumps against the rail. Ray
text: reaches out, takes her hand in both of his.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Suzie, help me out here. You
dialog: know his name.
text: Suzie looks scared, in a way she hasn't before. When she speaks
text: her voice is scarcely above a whisper.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Davy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (nodding, a scary smile)
dialog: That's right. That was his name.
text: The smile fades, as if he's thinking about something, still
text: holding her hand, rubbing it with his fingers.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes I wonder if you're really as
dialog: dumb as you pretend to be.
text: He looks into Suzie's eyes, slowly opening her hand to REVEAL the
text: burn mark on her palm.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: But you know what? I'd be keeping a
dialog: clear mind right now if I were you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'd hate to see you come to a bad end.
dialog: Like Davy did.
text: He holds her hand a moment longer, then drops it. He goes back
text: down he steps to the little skiff. An outboard MOTOR STARTS in
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. SUZIE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Suzie cones in fast, grabs the phone, punches out a number.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.0.)
dialog: (answering machine)
dialog: This is Sam. I'm not in right now...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. RAY'S PICKUP - NIGHT
text: parked behind some cottonwoods in a small launch area where the
text: highway crosses both the canal and the road to the fish camp.
text: The skiff has been shoved into the bed. Ray sits at the wheel.
text: He removes his glasses, wipes his face with a handkerchief, then
text: starts at the uneven 50UNDS of a tired ENGINE, looks up to see...
speaker_heading: HEADLIGHTS
text: Suzie's VW bouncing along the dirt road, turning onto the
dialog: highway.
scene_heading: RAY'S TRUCK - RAY
text: watching, then starting his truck and pulling out onto the
text: highway, following the tiny red lights of Suzie's bug.
scene_heading: SXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE - MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: Suzie's VW idles. She leans out the window, talks to the
text: intercom, the gate opens. The VW ENTERS. The gate closes.
text: Ray's pickup drives past. He drives to a big lot where one of
text: the mansions has been torn down. He drives up onto the dirt,
text: keeps going, right down to the water's edge where he pulls his
text: little skiff out of the back once more.
text: He walks back to the truck, pulls off his sport coat, hangs a
text: Hi-8 video camera over his shoulder and wades out into the calm
text: waters of the bay, pushing the skiff, then climbing in.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE, REAR OF MAIN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Suzie follows Kelly past the pool, which is all lit~up, and on
text: toward the jacuzzi. The whole deck is tiled in black-and-white.
text: Kelly's in a bikini -- the killer body. Suzie, the contrast --
text: pale, skinny, boyish, in a T-shirt and cutoff jeans. They
dialog: argue -- we CANNOT HEAR.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAY - SAME
text: Ray has arrived near the docks. He has killed his engine,
text: maneuvering here with a single oar. He ties the skiff off behind
text: the Jonathan, then climbs to the dock, moving around the guest
text: house and coming close to the pool. He takes a position behind
text: the cabanas, readies his camera.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AREA - SAME
text: Kelly and Suzie continue their argument in front of the jacuzzi.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can't believe you called Sam. What's
dialog: the matter with you?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I'm scared, that's what. I'm scared
dialog: there's no one to trust.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You can trust me.
text: A cordless PHONE RINGS on the patio chair. Kelly and Suzie are
text: startled by it. Kelly answers.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: The bedside lamp is on. Sam is on the phone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly. Is Suzie there?
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Shit. I was afraid of that. She left
dialog: this garbled message on my machine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you calm her down?
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.0.)
dialog: Why can't you come...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No! Christ. Listen, Kelly, I'm
dialog: counting on you. You calm her down.
dialog: I mean do whatever you have to, whatever
dialog: it takes...
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: You know what it takes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then do it. I need you on this Kelly.
dialog: Do it tonight. We'll figure something
dialog: out... Okay?
scene_heading: EXT. JACUZZI - NIGHT
text: Kelly glances across the steamy water at Suzie.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah, right. Can you at least talk to
dialog: her, on the phone?
scene_heading: NT. SAM'S BUNGALOW - SAME
text: Sam lies on his bed, waits for Suzie's voice on the line.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sam...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Put Kelly on too.
scene_heading: EXT. JACUZZI - SAME
text: The girls stand cheek-to-cheek, the phone between them.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm here.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S BUNGALOW - SAME
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay. I want you to hear this too.
dialog: We've got to be cool. All of us.
dialog: People think I'm rich, for Christ's
dialog: sake. I'm doing what rich guys do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm spending my money. It's more
dialog: suspicious if I sit around doing
dialog: nothing. Now don't let this cop fuck
dialog: with your minds.
scene_heading: EXT. CABANAS - NIGHT
text: Ray tapes the scene.
text: The girls still hold the phone.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: But I..
speaker_heading: SAM (V.0.)
dialog: Shut up. Don't fall apart. The only
dialog: people who can blow this is us.
dialog: Remember?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Right.
text: Suzie says nothing. Kelly nudges her.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.0.)
dialog: Good. Just keep telling yourselves
dialog: that, the only people who can fuck this
dialog: up is us.
text: The line goes dead. Kelly hangs up. Suzie stares into the
dialog: jacuzzi.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You're gonna fuck me over, aren't you?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh, for Christ's sake.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You are.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Are you retarded, or just brain dead
dialog: from whiffin' fumes out there in the
dialog: swamp...
text: Suzie's face goes hard.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: That's what I am to you, isn't it?
dialog: Swamp trash. It's what I am to
dialog: everybody, just like my mom...
text: Kelly tries to put an arm around her. Suzie slaps her -- a
text: mistake -- Kelly's bigger, faster. She slaps the side of Suzie's
text: head, then grabs her legs, dumping her on the tile deck.
speaker_heading: ON RAY
text: focusing the camera.
text: Suzie tries to kick Kelly.
text: Something changes in Kelly, a scary, calm rage.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Stupid bitch.
text: She very methodically grabs Suzie's hair, dragging her into the
text: jacuzzi, holding her under the hot water.
text: Suzie thrashes, breaks free, gags, arches out of the water, the
text: wet T-shirt clinging to her small breasts.
text: Kelly is on her again, slaps her, puts her hands to Suzie's
text: throat -- violently sexual in her wet bikini.
text: Kelly slams Suzie back onto the black-and-white tile, gets on top
text: of her, knees between Suzie's legs, her hands on her throat.
text: Suzie's skinny shape writhes underneath Kelly on the gleaming
text: tile. She gasps for air. Kelly finally lets go, but remains on
text: her knees between Suzie's legs, breathing hard. A moment. Kelly
text: touches Suzie's face.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why do you make me hurt you? It's like
dialog: you want it or something.
text: Suzie sobs, takes Kelly's hand.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: God, you are scared, aren't you?
text: Suzie runs her lips over Kelly's fingers, then pushes her T-shirt
text: up, pushing Kelly's hand onto her breast.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is going to make you feel
dialog: better, make you trust me...
text: Suzie nods, tearing her T-shirt, getting both of Kelly's hands
text: onto her breasts, then pushing at Kelly's wrists, getting her to
text: pull at her nipples, hard... Kelly obliges...
text: Suzie cries out in pain. Kelly's hands move down to pull off
dialog: Suzie's bottoms...
speaker_heading: ON RAY
text: still at it with the video, his face impassive, watching.
text: As Kelly pulls Suzie back into the jacuzzi, as the girls' hands
text: slide round the curves of each other's hips, pulling themselves
text: to each other, as the layers of steam rise to envelope them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: VIDEOTAPE
text: Kelly and Suzie making love in the jacuzzi.
scene_heading: PULL BACK to REVEAL --
scene_heading: INT. POLICE ROOM - DAY
text: Gloria, Ray, Hunter watch the tape. Hunter's seen enough. He
text: slams the stop/tape.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Are you crazy, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You heard Kelly say "Sam." That was
dialog: Lombardo on the phone. And you saw the
dialog: girls...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
text: Ray. The conversation on this tape is
text: totally unintelligible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What we have here, is you on the Van
dialog: Ryan property, without a proper warrant,
dialog: shooting a porn flick...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't believe I'm hearing this. A
dialog: month ago you were pulling these two
text: apart at the courthouse.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They were acting. They were all acting,
dialog: from the beginning. And we bought it,
dialog: hook, line and sinker... And now they're
dialog: home free with six million of Sandra Van
dialog: Ryan's money.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Which she might have saved, if she
dialog: hadn't set out to destroy the man's
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (turning now on Gloria)
dialog: What? You wouldn't go after some guy
dialog: you thought raped your daughter?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Cone on. She bought the same story we
dialog: did...
text: Ray stops as Hunter brings the palm of his hand down on the table
text: a loud SLAP.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Listen, both of you. You're not on a
dialog: case. There is no fucking case.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've had it up to here with Sandra Van
dialog: Ryan. Ray, you keep mucking around like
dialog: this and you are going to have her suing
dialog: us for invasion of privacy. Get out of
dialog: these people's lives.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Am I getting through on this?
text: Ray walks to the door, jerks it open --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Sam, angry, sits in the corridor with a uniformed officer.
text: Hunter sees Sam, rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Oh, Ray... no...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You think this is just about money,
dialog: about us looking foolish? Question him.
dialog: You're gonna find a stone cold
dialog: manipulative psychopath. And those
dialog: girls are going to wind up dead...
text: Sam lunges at Ray. The officer and Hunter restrain him. Gloria
text: looks on, taken aback by Ray's accusations, Sam's response.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Mr. Lombardo, please. I'm sorry about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Give this idiot something to do. Let
dialog: him look into the Kennedy assassination.
text: Ray flares, grabs Sam, shoves him against the wall, before they
text: can be separated once again.
speaker_heading: SAM (CCNT'D)
dialog: (to Hunter)
dialog: Next time this guy drags me down here,
dialog: I'll sue you. You're goddamn lucky I
dialog: didn't sue you the first time!
text: Sam storms from the room, followed by Hunter. Ray stares after
text: them, finally he turns, looks at Gloria, collecting himself.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Guess I kind of lost it there.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You could say that.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Were you ever in a situation where you
dialog: could see a thing coming and you didn't
dialog: do what you could to stop it?
text: Gloria studies Ray, clearly concerned.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We all have...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I mean something bad, Gloria, something
dialog: bad you saw coning, and you didn't do
dialog: anything, and then it happened.
dialog: (off Gloria's silence)
dialog: I did that once. I don't want to do it
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL ENTRANCE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Sam EXXTS a building, a large package of wrapped goods beneath
text: his arm. He looks toward the parking lot where --
text: Barbara Baxter stands beside the red Mercedes. She tips a valet
text: then starts toward the mall. She sees San. Their eyes meet. A
text: moment of hesitation, as neither is quite sure what to say.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You look pretty.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Thanks.
text: Sam smiles. She points to the stuff beneath his arm.
speaker_heading: BARBARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Quite a shopping spree...
text: She's kidding, then seems to consider how Sam might take it.
speaker_heading: BARBARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't mean...
text: Sam laughs it off.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, I've got it, I may as well spend
dialog: it, right? I've always wanted to live
dialog: where I could dive for my dinner.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: And where might that be?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was thinking, Antigua, maybe.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I love Antigua.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe I'll come visit you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'd like that.
text: A moment, she touches his face. Sam raises a hand to cover hers,
dialog: as...
text: ... in b.g., a BLACK RANGE ROVER -- just the roof VISIBLE above
text: the tops of the other cars, cruises the lot.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER - KELLY VAN RYAN
text: seated at the wheel, parks, stares toward the mall entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ENTRANCE - KELLY'S POV
text: Sam and Barbara stand in the orange light, hand-in-hand. Barbara
text: leans forward, kisses Sam on the lips.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KELLY
text: lost in thought, when she is startled by a sudden CACOPHONY of
text: ENGINE NOISE. She turns to find...
text: Suzie's BUG, SPLUTTERING and BELCHING smoke, parks next to her.
text: Suzie opens the door of the Rover, jumps in. She's wearing a
text: black ball cap, armed with a huge straw bag. As she settles in
text: the seat, she lets out a long breath.
text: Kelly makes a face, fans the air.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jesus. What are you drinking?
text: Suzie laughs, pulls a bottle of Mad Dog 20/20 from the bag.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking at the bottle)
dialog: Anybody ever tell you that stuff will
dialog: rot your brain?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: What brain?
text: Suzie takes a big drink. Kelly shakes her head, looks back
text: toward the entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ENTRANCE - KELLY'S POV
text: empty. Sam and Barbara are gone.
text: Kelly continues to stare.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (starting the car)
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: The Atlantic rolls before a long stretch of empty sand as the
text: last red light drains from the sky.
text: The Range Rover comes down onto the sand, parks.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RANGE ROVER - SAME
text: Kelly turns off the engine. Suzie tokes on a joint, swills the
text: MD 20/20. She gazes upon the sea, eyes at half-mast.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I thought we were goin' to a movie.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I think we just need to get wasted.
text: Suzie shrugs, gets out. Kelly gets out with her. Suzie
text: staggers. Kelly circles her with an arm, looks nervously around,
text: begins leading her down the beach.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: I wanna live at the beach someday.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Shit.
text: She stops walking. Suzie takes a few more steps then turns to
text: look at her.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I left the keys. I'll get 'em.
text: Suzie plops down on the sand, drinks from the bottle. She
text: watches Kelly fading into the darkness, mumbles something beneath
text: her breath, then lies on her back.
scene_heading: SUZIE'S POV - THE NIGHT SKY
text: The SOUND of CRASHING WAVES. She rolls to one side, looking down
dialog: the beach
text: Murky blackness.
text: She tries to focus, sits up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Kelly?
text: She stands -- wobbly -- peers down the beach.
text: A shape EMERGES in the blackness, moving toward her.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly?
text: The shape gets closer and closer, until...
text: Sam Lombardo steps up to loom over Suzie.
text: She takes a step back.
text: Sam puts a hand on her shoulder. He carries something in his
text: other hand -- hard to see on the dark beach.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Suzie, it's okay. It's me.
text: Suzie steadies herself. A face APPEARS behind Sam -- Kelly.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I was worried about you, Suzie. I
dialog: decided we should all get together, one
dialog: more time, before we split up.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Are you mad at me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, no. Look, I probably should have
dialog: told you a little more, about the part I
dialog: intended to play.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We'll go through it all again tonight.
text: Sam takes the bottle from Suzie, looks at it.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a celebration Suzie, not a
dialog: suicide pact.
text: He lifts the object in his other hand -- a champagne battle.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll chill out first, have a drink,
dialog: watch the stars.
text: Suzie nods.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Kelly, there's a beach blanket in the
dialog: Jeep. Could you get it for us?
text: Kelly nods, starts back, looks once over her shoulder as...
text: Sam leads Suzie toward a huge rock formation.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me tell you about this boat I picked
dialog: out for us...
text: They move OUT OF SIGHT. Kelly continues to walk, back along the
text: sand toward the cars.
scene_heading: INSERT - A SCREAM
text: A sickening hollow THWACK -- an arc of blood and two teeth fall
text: silently on dark stone.
text: Kelly begins to run, stumbling through the sand to Sam's Jeep,
text: where she pulls a big roll of clear plastic from behind the
text: seats. She stuffs it under her arm, then runs back along the
text: beach. As she runs, she can hear them -- more THWACKS, MOANS --
dialog: it seems like forever
text: Sam APPARS before her on the sand. The champagne bottle swings
text: loosely at the end of one arm. it looks shiny now, dripping with
text: Suzie's blood.
text: Kelly goes to him. She looks at the bottle, then throws herself
text: against him -- a hard kiss.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm sorry, Kelly. I'm sorry it had to
dialog: happen like this. She was losing it...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: There was no way. That cop would've
dialog: gotten her to tell him... everything.
dialog: She was weak and dumb...
text: She kisses him again, her hands moving over his body. Sam takes
text: a step back, looks into Kelly's face -- the parted lips, sultry
text: eyes -- as if seeing her for the first time -- a long beat -- at
text: which point he turns, heaving the champagne bottle as far as he
text: can into the black waves.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE ROVER ON THE SAUD - LATER
text: Rear hatch open -- overhead light on.
text: Sam and Kelly drag Suzie's body -- wrapped in the plastic -- to
text: the rear hatch. As they heft her inside, the light catches --
speaker_heading: SUZIE'S FACE
text: A mask of blood.
text: Kelly turns away in disgust. She goes to the passenger side
text: door, gets in.
text: Sam gets in behind the wheel. For a moment the two of them just
text: sit there, in the darkness, with the SOUND of the SEA, and their
text: own BREATHING. Sam looks at Kelly.
text: She is focused on the dark Atlantic.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Kelly turns to him -- an anxious face.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: My mom would kill me if she knew I took
dialog: the Rover.
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES - NIGHT
text: Kelly waits by the Rover, swatting mosquitoes.
text: SLOSHING SOUNDS -- a shape approaches in the dark -- Sam in
text: waders, muddy, tired, carrying a shovel.
scene_heading: EXT. GALLERIA PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Almost empty of cars. The Range Rover cruises past Suzie's VW,
text: circles, comes back. Sam jumps out, pulls on latex gloves, gets
text: into the VW and backs it out.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS TERMINAL (MIAMI) - DAY
text: Almost dawn. A long parking lot fronts the terminal. Suzie's VW
text: arrives, parks, Sam gets out. He goes to the waiting Range
text: Rover, gets in and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT GATE - VAN RYAN ESTATE - DAY
text: A THIN STREAM OF MUDDY WATER
text: flows beneath the gate, down the drive, toward the street.
text: A HAND touches the water.
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL the hand as that of Ray Duquette.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN DRIVEWAY - SAME
text: Ray kneels, fingers wriggling in the water, then straightens,
text: looking toward the house where...
text: On the other side of the gate, Kelly, in a tube-top and tight
text: shorts, washes mud from the Range Rover. She looks up, sees...
text: Ray, drying his hand on a handkerchief, walking up the drive,
text: arriving at the wrought-iron gates.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Been four-wheelin'?
text: Kelly freezes -- not so cool this time.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Get off my property.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm not on your property!
text: He grabs the wrought-iron gate -- rattles it -- harder and
dialog: harder.
text: Kelly backs away, frightened.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILIN' JACK'S FISH CAMP - DAY
text: Gloria and Ray stand in front of the ramshackle wooden building,
text: talking to Ruby. Walter sits nearby, sharpening a knife.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You say she didn't come back last night.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: She's been sayin' she was going to go to
dialog: L.A. But I don't know. I mean all her
dialog: clothes are still here. An' she's
dialog: missin' her graduation.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: She should graduate. She's a smart
dialog: girl...
text: Ray nods. He makes a note in his pad.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: May have been she just partied too
dialog: much... But we'll look into it. We find
dialog: something, you'll be the first to know.
text: Ray turns and walks to the car. Gloria follows.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME
text: Ray sits for a moment behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's starting, Gloria. This is how it
dialog: begins...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Ray. We don't know anything yet. She
dialog: could be anywhere...
text: Ray silences her with a look.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm gonna take you back to the office.
dialog: Will you put out a call on Suzie's car
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You have someplace to be?
text: Ray starts the car, doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: If you want company...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Just check out the car.
text: Gloria nods. She looks toward the camp store where the old lady
text: can still be SEEN standing on the porch, beneath the jawbones.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY SCHOOL - DAY
text: Caps and gowns -- kids and parents on the lawn -- taking photos.
text: Kelly poses with Sandra. Tom Baxter aims the camera.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Smile.
text: Kelly and Sandra force miserable smiles. CLICK.
speaker_heading: BAXTER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's one for the scrapbook.
text: Baxter moves away, greets Nicole and her parents.
text: Kelly puts some room between her and Sandra.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You didn't have to fly back -- from --
dialog: wherever, for me...
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I'm here to congratulate my friends and
dialog: their children. I'm leaving again
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don't bother. I'm taking a trip.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Where, the mall?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: A friend of mine bought a boat.
text: Sandra shakes her head, walks off.
text: Kelly turns away, freezes, as she catches sight of --
text: Ray talking with Jimmy.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - DAY
text: Ray and Jimmy walk along the sand, moving in the direction of the
text: big rocks. Jimmy wears sagger shorts, a surfer T-shirt. Ray
text: wears a suit. He carries the coat over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: It's those rocks, up there.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You and Suzie used to come out here
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, sometimes. Lots of the kids hang
dialog: out here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You really think something bad happened
dialog: to Suzie?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (ignoring the question)
dialog: Lombardo ever come out here?
text: Jimmy looks at him, surprised, sees that Ray is serious. Still,
text: the idea generates a laugh.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I say something funny?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: No. But I mean... just the idea that
dialog: Mr. Lombardo would...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Way I hear it, he was pretty tight with
dialog: the kids, one of the guys...
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, but...
text: He breaks off as Ray kneels over a big flat rock. Ray brushes
text: away some sand, drapes the sport coat over his arm, taking
text: tweezers and latex gloves from the pockets.
text: Jimmy moves closer, curious, seeing what Ray sees.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GLOVED HANDS
text: as tweezers pick up two teeth from a crevice in the stone.
text: Ray straightens, holding the teeth in the palm of his hand.
text: Jimmy stares at the teeth.
text: Ray takes a couple of bills from his pocket, hands them to Jimmy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm going to be staying here, Jimmy.
dialog: You can catch a bus up there at the lot,
dialog: okay?
text: Jimmy looks a little sick, but he takes the money. He starts
text: toward the lot.
text: Ray watches for a moment. Then calls out to him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: People aren't always what they appear to
dialog: be, kid. Remember it.
text: Jimmy looks at him, trying to make sense of what Ray is saying,
text: clearly disturbed by the implications. But he asks no more
text: questions. He turns, trudging alone back through the sand.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN COVE - LATER
text: THE TEETH go into a plastic bag.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: Black-and-whites, county cars -- police tape across the site.
text: Ray, Gloria and Hunter watch as DAVE MERRITT, a forensic expert
text: bags the teeth. He passes the bag to Ray, then bends to the
text: rocks where he begins to take a blood sample.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Lonbardo and Kelly killed her here.
text: Hunter and Gloria exchange a look.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Two kids could've gotten into a fight,
dialog: lost a couple of teeth.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Those are Suzie Toller's teeth.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Where's the body?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The swamp, most likely... Lombardo's a
dialog: swamp rat, knows the body will never be
dialog: found there. But he's made a mistake.
text: He holds up the evidence bag containing the teeth.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Her grandmother said she'd been
dialog: threatening to run away. And I found
text: the car at the Miami bus terminal.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You don't think Sam could've put it
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Dust it for prints. My guess is, if
dialog: anybody murdered Suzie it was probably
dialog: that little sociopath Kelly Van Ryan.
text: Ray shakes his head; he turns to Dave, still working.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How soon can we get something?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: We can get blood type right away.
dialog: Dental records will take longer. You
dialog: want DNA, that can take weeks.
text: Ray nods, looks out to sea.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Poor dumb Suzie, she never had a chance.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: We don't know that, Ray...
text: Ray turns to her -- an intense look.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Kelly's next, Gloria.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: (ice cold)
dialog: Get off this Ray, now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If there is any evidence here, it's for
dialog: Homicide.
dialog: (turning to Dave)
dialog: You get an ID, you call me.
text: Dave nods. Hunter stalks off toward his car. Ray turns to
dialog: Gloria.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Will you do me one favor?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Ray, you heard him...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What if I'm right, Gloria? What if I'm
dialog: right and Hunter's wrong?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you do if you see a bad thing
dialog: coming?
text: Gloria looks toward the highway, trying to decide.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stick with me on this Gloria. I need
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And if the teeth aren't Suzie's? You'll
dialog: give this up?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: If I'm wrong about those teeth -- it's a
dialog: promise.
scene_heading: EXT. GLADES MOTEL - SUNSET
text: Sam's Jeep -- a "FOR SALE" sign in the window -- sits in the lot.
text: Across the road -- Gloria sits in the white Taurus.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE, MAIN GATE - SUNSET
text: Ray sits in his truck, picks up his cellular, punches in a
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: (speaker)
dialog: Merritt, Forensics.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The teeth doin' any talkin'?
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.0.)
dialog: Ray. Stop calling. I told you the
dialog: dental records will take time...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What about the blood?
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.0.)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Could be hers. Types match. Could be a
dialog: lot of other people's too...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Second you get something on those teeth,
dialog: I want it
text: Ray hangs up without waiting for a reply. He turns to the Van
text: Ryan house, an orange light slanting across its facade.
scene_heading: EXT. GLADES MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Gloria waits in her car. She looks toward the motel.
text: Sam's Jeep is parked before one of the bungalows. There is a
text: light on in the room. We can SEE inside.
text: Gloria sighs, picks up a pair of binoculars and trains them on
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROOM - GLORIA'S POV
text: Suitcases and boxes are stacked everywhere. Sam, bare-chested,
text: in khaki slacks, moves about the room.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON GLORIA
dialog: watching Sam, as...
speaker_heading: IN THE ROOM
text: The PHONE has begun to RING. Sam looks at it until it stops,
text: then picks it up and dials a number. Kelly answers.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: God, I've been calling you.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - KELLY/SAM PHONE CONVERSATION
text: Kelly is in the guest house, pacing in front of the gun case.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm really serious. That cop, he keeps
dialog: watching me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Duquette. Forget him...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can't help it. He gives me the
dialog: creeps... I mean why was Suzie so scared
dialog: of him? She's not that way. I think he
dialog: did something...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, he got her busted for
dialog: possession...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't know... I think it was something
dialog: else... Suzie says the bust was
dialog: bullshit...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And you believe her?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (a long beat -- a sigh)
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to see you...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly... Relax. Take one of your mom's
dialog: valium or something. In another week
dialog: you get on the plane. It's over. We're
dialog: rich.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: But what if they find out... God, they'd
dialog: put you in the gas chamber...
text: Sam is about to respond, then looks out the window, sees...
text: ACROSS THE STREET, the white Taurus.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So if they're tapping your phone, we're
dialog: dead. Stay in the guest house. Skip
dialog: the graduation parties. You'll never
dialog: see Duquette. Okay? I love you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay. I love you too.
scene_heading: INT. TAURUS - SAME - GLORIA
text: sees the light go out in Sam's room, lowers her binoculars, sits
text: for a moment, then begins to write something on a pad.
text: She's still at it when something KNOCKS at a FENDER. She looks
text: up, startled, to find...
text: Sam in the street, still shirtless, his arms and shoulders
text: back-lit by the neon light of the Glades Motel.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Isn't that against the law, peeking into
dialog: windows?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (a long beat)
text: Suzie Toller is missing.
text: Sam lets out his breath, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: She didn't cone home last night. We
text: found her car at the bus terminal, but
dialog: nothing to suggest she bought a ticket.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe she used another name.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
text: Ray thinks she was murdered.
text: Sam shakes his head once more.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know what to say...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You could tell me where you were last
dialog: night.
text: Sam stares at her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Goddannit... I don't have to...
text: He stops himself, calms down.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come here. I want you to see something.
text: Gloria hesitates, looks up at Sam, then puts down the phone and
text: opens her door.
scene_heading: INT. GLADES MOTEL - SAME
text: Sam and Gloria walk among the boxes and suitcases.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Looks like goodbye.
text: Sam nods. He goes to one of his cardboard filing boxes, pulls
text: out a file, hands it to Gloria. As she takes it, he goes to the
text: closet, takes a shirt from a hanger.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly's file. Read it. You're going to
text: find an angry, sexually confused girl
dialog: who's made threats on her mother's life
text: and a female lover she'd never identify.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Suzie?
text: Sam shrugs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're telling me Ray thinks Suzie was
dialog: killed. I don't have to ask you who he
dialog: thinks did it, do I?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All I'm saying is, read that, you'll
dialog: have a new perspective on things.
text: Gloria sits on the bed, the file in her hand. She watches as Sam
text: pulls on the shirt.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Why didn't you tell us about this before
dialog: the trial?
text: Sam holds her eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then -- I still had ethical standards to
dialog: protect. They meant a lot to me. Now,
dialog: I don't care. And no amount of money
dialog: can buy that back.
text: Sam is interrupted by the HONKING of a HORN. He looks outside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LOT - SAM'S POV
text: A taxi waits in the glow of the green neon.
text: Sam looks down on Gloria, seated on his bed, her skirt short
text: enough to REVEAL shapely legs. For a moment the two hold one
text: another's eyes.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: My ride. If you're not planning on
dialog: arresting me, that is.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S TRUCK - NIGHT - LATER
text: The PHONE RINGS. Ray picks it up.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Ray. What's happening?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - RAY/GLORIA PHONE CONVERSATION
text: She's still in Sam's room, the file spread across the bed.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I'm tired, Ray. I'm going home.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Where's Lombardo?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: He's leaving the country. And I don't
dialog: give a shit.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: The blood type on the rocks matches
dialog: Suzie's.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: It's Homicide's job now, Ray, let 'em do
dialog: it. I'll tell you something else,
dialog: there's more to this story than you
dialog: know, Ray... If Suzie is dead, I think
dialog: Hunter may be on the right track...
text: Ray clicks off his phone.
speaker_heading: GLORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ray?
dialog: (nothing but dial tone)
dialog: Shit. Ray.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RYAN ESTATE, FRONT GATE - NIGHT
text: Ray gets out of his car, presses the intercom.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (V.O.)
dialog: (intercom)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: Detective Duquette, Ms. Van Ryan. Let
dialog: me in. Now.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL &amp; JACUZZI - NIGHT
text: Ray CROSSES the deck, Sandra at his heels.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
text: Where she lives. In the guest house.
dialog: Now will you tell me what this is about?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm placing your daughter under arrest.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You can't...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (turning, cutting her
dialog: off)
dialog: Suzie Toller is dead. You don't want
dialog: Kelly to be next, then take my advice.
dialog: Stay out of my way.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - SAME
text: A cap and gown lay strewn on the sofa.
text: Kelly wears jeans and a bra. She looks up to see Ray moving
text: across the tile. Her eyes go wide, then move to the gun case.
scene_heading: EXT. GUEST HOUSE - SAME
text: Sandra stands near the jacuzzi, not exactly sure what to do,
dialog: watching as...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GUEST HOUSE - SANDRA'S POV
text: Ray knocks at the French door. It swings open. He steps inside.
text: A long moment, then VOI?ES, the SOUND of things being knocked
text: about, BREAKING GLASS.
text: Sandra starts toward the house then stops at the SOUND of a
text: single GUNSHOT.
text: A SECOND GUNSHOT follows, then a THIRD.
text: The guest house door opens. Ray stumbles out, his shoulder
text: bloody, a .357 in his hand.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: VIDEOTAPE - RAY'S STATEMENT
text: We SEE him from the waist up -- a white T-shirt, his shoulder
text: bandaged, his arm in a sling. There are red scratch marks on his
text: face. His eyes look blankly into the camera.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I fucked up. I lost control of the
dialog: situation, the one thing they train you
dialog: for... God, what did I do?
speaker_heading: HUNTER (0.S.)
dialog: Just tell us what happened.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I told Kelly Van Ryan she was under
dialog: arrest for conspiracy and murder. I did
dialog: her rights.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT --
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN BEACH RESORT - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: Perfect crescent of sand. A man in white shorts reclines in a
text: beach chair, beneath a gaily-colored umbrella, sipping a drink.
speaker_heading: VIDEOTAPE - RAY
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Kelly went crazy, started screaming. I
text: grabbed her, put her on the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH RESORT - CLOSER SHOT - DAY
text: Sam, in white shorts, looking good, watches a beautiful island
text: girl in a thong bikini frolic in the surf.
text: She seems to sense Sam watching, turns toward the beach. Her
text: eyes meet Sam's. She breaks into a beautiful smile.
speaker_heading: VIDEOTAPE - RAY
speaker_heading: HUNTER (O.S.)
dialog: She bit you?
speaker_heading: RAY
text: Bit, scratched. But I had her pinned.
dialog: She calmed down. I was going to cuff
dialog: her... She said she thought she was
dialog: going to be sick. She asked to use the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH RESORT - DAY
text: Sam and the island girl sit at an outdoor table. The girl wears
text: a short, terry cloth robe, Sam the white shorts and a flowered
text: shirt. They sip drinks. Their eyes meet. Their fingers touch.
speaker_heading: VIDEOTAPE - RAY
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I told her I was coming with her. She
text: nodded, like she understood. We stood
dialog: up together.
speaker_heading: HUNTER (O.S.)
dialog: You didn't cuff her?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: She looked shaky, but lucid. I thought,
dialog: I would just go with her, stand at the
dialog: door...
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: I think I looked away. A split second.
dialog: Then, bingo. Just like that. She puts
text: a knee into my groin.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There was this coffee table between us
text: and the wall. She got one foot on that
text: thing and launched herself at the gun
dialog: case. Thing had a glass door. I could
dialog: hear it breaking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn't go down, but she slowed me up,
dialog: just enough. Before I could get to her,
dialog: she'd turned on me with this small
dialog: caliber handgun. I yelled at her to put
dialog: it down. She got off a shot. I took it
dialog: in the shoulder. I... I had no choice.
dialog: I returned fire. Two rounds, I think.
text: In the chest.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE ROOM - SAME
text: A moment of silence, save for the BUZZING of the MACHINE. A
text: number of plainclothes police, Hunter and Gloria among them,
dialog: watch the tape.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I went there to protect her...
text: He hangs his head, then looks up, his eyes focusing.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: The teeth, were they...
speaker_heading: HUNTER (0.S.)
dialog: Suzie Toller's. And that's the only
dialog: thing saving your sorry ass.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT HARBOR (CARIBBEAN ISLAND) - DAY
text: Brilliant sun on turquoise water. A few boats anchored in a
text: lagoon. A quiet place.
text: Heading out -- a forty-foot sloop, Sam at the helm.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: Gloria, Baxter, a tearful Sandra, sit in seats, watch as --
text: Ray stands before a panel, A SUIT, A CHIEF in uniform, Hunter.
text: Ray wears a suit, his hair neatly trimmed. His arm is no longer
text: in a sling, but one of his hands is still bandaged.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Detective Duquette; our investigation
dialog: concludes that this was a good shooting.
dialog: But that's irrelevant. You were not
dialog: assigned to this case -- whatever you
dialog: imagined this case to be. And now two
dialog: young women are dead. You are
dialog: terminated with forfeiture of pension
dialog: and benefits.
text: Ray looks at the floor.
text: Hunter coughs. His hands rest on a file -- we SEE the video
scene_heading: cassette inside -- labeled "TOLLER/VAN RYAN -- CONFIDENTIAL."
speaker_heading: HUNTER
text: Suzie Toller's teeth and blood were
dialog: found near the area known as Stoner
text: Rocks. Suzie's blood was found in the
dialog: Van Ryan Range Rover. This, in
dialog: conjunction with evidence obtained by
dialog: Detectives Duquette and Perez has led
dialog: this office to the conclusion that Susan
dialog: Marie Toller was murdered by Kelly
dialog: Lanier Van Ryan...
text: Sandra chokes back a sob. She gets to her feet, to be led from
text: the room by Tom Baxter.
text: Gloria Perez watches, a sad look in her eye, then turns to look
text: at Ray. His back is to her -- the broad shoulders, expensive
text: suit. His hands are clasped behind his back.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BAY CEMETERY - KELLY'S FUNERAL - DAY
text: Gloria stands among a considerable number of mourners. She is
text: just back from Sandra and Tom Baxter, who, in turn, are just back
text: from the open grave.
text: As Gloria watches, Sandra looks off to the side, where something
text: catches her eye. Gloria sees her start, then follows her gaze.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CEMETERY - GLORIA'S POV
text: On a rise some fifty yards from the Van Ryan plot, two people
text: stand near an old oak -- Ruby and Walter.
text: When Gloria looks back at Sandra, it seems to her as if the woman
text: has slumped against Tom Baxter, who now stares at the two people
text: on the rise as if, by doing so with sufficient intensity, he
dialog: might make them disappear.
text: Gloria turns to the grave site, her eye lingers on the open
text: grave, then moves to the huge marker which dominates the Van Ryan
text: family plot and, in fact, the entire scene.
speaker_heading: ANGLE CN MARKER
text: The angel Gabriel, trumpet in hand, carved in relief upon a huge
text: obelisk of black marble. Beneath the angel is a carved scroll
dialog: and upon it the words:
text: "I AM THE RESURRECTION AND THE LIFE," and below that: "WILLIAM
scene_heading: TECUMSEH VAN RYAN. MAY HE REST IN PEACE."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A BEACH - NIGHT
text: Sam Lombardo walks along a moonlit lagoon, headed toward a lone
text: bungalow.
text: The bungalow is simple, picturesque -- whitewashed walls, a
text: thatched roof. A patio opens onto the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO - SAME
text: As Sam steps in off the sand, he sees something and stops short.
text: Wet spots lead toward the bungalow.
text: Sam listens. Everything is quiet.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - SAME
text: Sam ENTERS in a room lit only by the blue light of a large
text: aquarium. He listens once more, hears it -- RUNNING WATER.
text: He moves down a short hallway, observes the light which spills
text: from beneath a bedroom door. He pushes it open, goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME
text: He CROSSES the room.
text: The bathroom door is ajar, the room leaking steam.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SAME
text: Sam steps inside, looks at the shower stall -- an indistinct
text: shape moves there in the steam.
text: San watches, then jerks open the shower door. The steam
text: clears -- REVEALING a tall, athletic body, and now the face --
text: Ray Duquette, grinning at Sam out of the swirling steam.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Buy you a drink?
text: San takes a step back.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jesus. I wasn't expecting you 'til
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Ray turns off the water, steps out of the stall, wrapping himself
text: in a towel. There's a fresh, raised scar across one shoulder and
text: Ray winces a little as he tucks the towel about his waist. He
text: looks at himself in the mirror, touching the scar.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Nice girlfriend you had there.
text: Sam just looks at him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, well, you fixed that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What the hell happened, anyway?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The bitch shot me, is what happened.
text: Sam shakes his head, walks back into the bedroom. Ray follows.
speaker_heading: RAY (CCNT'D)
dialog: Hey, what did you want me to do, die?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, shit, you're the cop, they don't
dialog: teach you to disarm people, shoot them
dialog: in the leg or something? You weren't
dialog: supposed to kill her for Christ's sake.
text: Now Ray just looks at Sam, his eyes narrowing.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Did you become squeamish about these
dialog: things before or after you bludgeoned
dialog: little Suzie Toller to death with a wine
dialog: bottle?
dialog: (off Sam's silence)
dialog: Jesus, man.
dialog: It couldn't have worked out better.
text: They're convinced Kelly whacked Suzie.
dialog: I can't talk 'em out of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We should be celebrating. This thing
dialog: worked out just like you said, only
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Kelly was supposed to be framed, not
dialog: killed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What I'm telling you is, I don't like
dialog: surprises.
text: Ray walks to a dresser where a bottle of champagne sits in a
text: bucket of ice. He opens the bottle, fills two glasses. He hands
text: one of the glasses to Sam.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Every cloud has a silver lining,
dialog: partner. Here's to no loose ends.
text: He raises his glass in a toast.
text: Sam looks at it, then raises his glass as well. Ray smiles. Sam
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Here's to no more surprises.
text: Ray shrugs. The two men's eyes meet. They touch glasses and
dialog: drink.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL BOAT HARBOR (ISLAND) - DAY
text: Sam and Ray work on the deck of Sam's sloop, stowing gear,
dialog: loading supplies.
text: The boat's mast shines in the sunlight before a brilliant sky.
text: Palms sway. The men work in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILIN' JACK'S FISH CAMP - DAY
text: Gloria drives up in the white Taurus. She parks before the
text: ramshackle old building and the gator pen.
text: Walter is in the pen. Ruby stands just outside of it. She looks
text: toward the road as Gloria gets out, then back to the pen.
text: Gloria comes down the bank to stand beside Ruby. She's just in
text: time to see the huge old reptile raise itself, hissing, on its
text: front legs, jaws sprung wide. The women watch as Walter sticks
text: his arm into the gator's mouth.
speaker_heading: RUBY
text: Gator can't see what's in front of it
text: for shit. They see out the sides.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That one don't even know Walter's arm's
text: in his mouth.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What if something distracts it and it
dialog: snaps anyway?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Then I guess Walter can kiss that arm of
dialog: his goodbye.
dialog: (loud enough for Walter
dialog: to hear)
dialog: He don't use it for no good deeds
dialog: anyway.
text: Walter looks at the ladies, picks up the stick and sweeps it
text: between the gaping jaws, which snap in its wake.
speaker_heading: RUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You come all the way out here to watch
dialog: Walter?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I was wondering if I could ask you a few
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: About Suzie?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Actually, I was wondering if I might ask
dialog: you about Ray Duquette.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: He used to come around here. He had a
text: thing going with one of the girls over
text: at the Glades.
text: Ruby nods toward the motel, a bitter smile on her face.
speaker_heading: RUBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Got sort of hung up on her, from what
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: She still work there?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: No. Not after that night.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: I don't know what happened. Maybe he
dialog: caught her with some john...
dialog: All I know is, the next morning the girl
dialog: was gone and there was a dead boy...
dialog: Indian kid named Davy. Used to live
text: down the road there in a wrecked car.
dialog: Him and Suzie were at the Glades that
dialog: night.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was right after that, Ray got Suzie
dialog: busted and sent her away. That's what
dialog: there is to say about Ray Duquette.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Was there ever any kind of
dialog: investigation...
text: Ruby cuts her off with a short laugh.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Duquette always claimed the kid was
text: dusted, came after him with a knife.
dialog: But it was Jack's Fish Camp... This
dialog: could be the moon for all most people
dialog: care.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Wasn't supposed to be like that though.
dialog: This place was supposed to be something
dialog: once. There were going to be roads and
dialog: houses. There was going to be a town.
dialog: They were going to call it Salt Creek.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: From the surface of the sea -- the emerald island in the
text: distance. The bow of the sloop comes INTO FRAME.
text: On board -- Sam stands in the cockpit, at the helm. Ray lounges
text: on the deck. The boat sails easily before the wind.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ray... you see that winch by your head?
dialog: Take a couple of turns on it for me,
text: she's luffing.
text: Ray cranes his neck to look at the winch.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You mean this thing?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes, we call it a winch.
dialog: (pointing at pieces of
dialog: the rigging)
dialog: And these are shrouds, and these are
dialog: stays.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I thought this was supposed to be a
dialog: vacation. Why didn't you buy a nice big
dialog: power boat?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on, man. I'll make a sailor out of
dialog: you yet.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah, or get me drowned.
text: Ray kneels. He begins to tighten the winch.
text: Sam watches him for a moment, then reaches around behind his back
text: to unhook the short line which holds the boom.
text: The mainsail catches wind, swinging the boom in a wide arc,
text: directly at Ray.
text: Ray looks up, sees it coming just in time to catch it on his arm.
text: The blow is enough to send him sprawling through the lifelines,
text: where he just manages to grab one of the nylon cords.
text: Sam ducks as the boon continues to swing erratically above the
text: deck, watching as Ray hauls himself on board.
text: The boat no longer driven by the wind, bobs up and down on a
text: small ground swell.
text: The two men face each other.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jesus, man... You okay?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: That how you planned it? You take cut
dialog: Suzie, get me to hang it on Kelly, then
dialog: dump me in the ocean...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come off it, man... It was an accident.
text: Ray nods, then reaches down, pulls off the winch handle and
text: starts with it toward Sam.
text: Sam looks around. He jerks open a storage compartment. A
text: diver's weight belt tumbles out. Sam grabs it, swings it over
text: his head in circles, letting the weight pick up momentum,
text: preparing to throw.
text: Ray crouches, still brandishing the winch handle. The boom
text: sweeps the deck.
text: Sam throws the belt.
text: Ray grabs a shroud, dances out of the way, then steadies himself,
text: a mean grin spreading across his face.
text: There's no tine for Sam to look for anything else.
text: Ray moves quickly across the deck -- a menacing sight -- tall,
text: well-muscled, the handle gleaming in his hand.
text: Sam pulls himself out of the cockpit. Ray jumps in. But that's
dialog: as far as he gets.
text: WHOOSH -- A spear pierces Ray's thigh. He screams, goes down,
text: the handle skittering across the deck.
text: Ray follows it with his eyes, reaching out, then freezing as he
text: sees something else. He draws in his hand as if bitten.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You... You're...
text: He scuttles backward, pulling himself onto the deck, clutching at
text: his leg which squirts blood as if an artery has been severed.
text: But his eyes never leave the hatchway leading belowdecks.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're dead... for godsake...
text: The boat heels over. The spear in Ray's thigh bangs against the
text: edge of the cockpit. He grimaces in pain as...
text: Suzie Toller steps up from belowdecks. She's wearing a bikini
text: and showing a nice tan. She's carrying Sam's new spear gun, a
text: fresh spear at the ready.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Rumors of my demise have been greatly
dialog: exaggerated.
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Nice move. Good thing I was here to
dialog: save your incompetent ass.
text: Sam secures the boom. Ray stares at Suzie, his face twisted with
text: some combination of pain, rage and fear.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You... I should've killed you myself.
dialog: should never have left it up to him...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Shoulda, coulda, woulda...
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Get him in the water.
text: San starts for Ray.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sam, for Christ's sake...
text: Sam's feet slide in the bloody smear. He stops.
text: Ray clings to a safety line.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can't.
text: WHOOSH -- A second spear penetrates Ray's shoulder. He loses his
text: grip. The boat heels over, dumping Ray into the water.
text: Suzie puts down her spear gun. She goes to a storage locker,
text: takes out a bait bucket. She steps up on the deck.
text: Ray is floating not far from the boat, the water going red around
text: him. He calls out...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Sam, for godsake.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Hey, Ray. Guess whose name is on the
dialog: numbered bank account besides yours and
dialog: Sam's?
text: She raises the bucket, heaves bloody chum into the water.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I like these joint survivorship
dialog: accounts. Something unfortunate happens
dialog: to one of the signatories, the others
dialog: don't have to worry. Are you worrying,
dialog: Ray?
text: She heaves more chum -- a big red slurp across Ray's face.
text: Ray gasps, goes under, thrashing around in the red slick.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Men, use 'em abuse 'em lose 'em.
scene_heading: INSERT - SHARKS
text: from underwater, in a frenzy, rip a human body into a bloody
dialog: cloud.
scene_heading: EXT. SAILBOAT - LATER
text: Suzie cones up from below with a champagne bottle and glasses,
text: already filled.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Feeling better?
text: Sam gazes out to sea.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That was about as grim as it gets.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: The guy was history when he killed
dialog: Kelly. You knew that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But then you knew what he was like all
dialog: along... Maybe his killing Kelly was a
dialog: thing you had counted on...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: But then it is better this way, don't
dialog: you think? No loose ends.
text: Sam just looks at her.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That was the same thing Ray said.
text: Suzie smiles -- showing the big gap where her two front teeth
dialog: used to be.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Poor Ray.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Come on Sam, we did it. We put the
dialog: screws to the Van Ryans. We won.
text: She hands a glass to Sam, takes the other. He puts it to his
text: lips, suddenly hesitates, thinks, sniffs the glass.
text: A moment. Suzie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Talk about paranoid. Now are you gonna
dialog: teach me to sail this big old boat or
dialog: not?
text: Sam downs his drink.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay. Grab that winch there.
text: Suzie gives him a pouty look.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Fuck the winch. I wanna drive.
text: Sam sighs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay. Come here and take the helm.
dialog: I'll get the winch.
text: Suzie gives him her best, gap-toothed smile, then comes forward
text: to take the gleaming chrome wheel, as Sam scrambles up on deck,
text: kneeling where Ray had kneeled before him to set the jib.
text: Suzie watches -- a long beat, then, slowly reaches behind her,
text: unhooking the line which holds the boom...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BOOM
text: sweeping the deck -- coming right at us, blotting out the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILING JACK'S - SUZIE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Gloria sits on Suzie's bed, books spread out around her. Ruby
text: stands beside her.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You asked if Suzie knew about the Salt
dialog: Creek land deal? Girl read every book
dialog: she could find on it, the Van Ryans too.
text: Ruby takes a photo album from among the books, opens it, tosses a
text: photograph on the bed. It is one we have seen before.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON PHOTO
text: A stately old gentleman in a three-piece suit. White hair, a
text: white handlebar mustache. A derby on his knee, a walking stick
text: at his side. He stares out at the world from a high-backed
text: wicker chair, flanked by potted palms and two small terriers.
text: Across the bottom of the picture is the name -- "WILLIAM TECUMSEH
text: VAN RYAN." And beside that, in another hand -- "Dear old Dad."
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Wasn't enough Van Ryan had to destroy
dialog: the people who invested here. He got to
dialog: be old, he and his rich cronies would
dialog: come down here, hunt and whore, act like
dialog: assholes. One trip he showed up with
dialog: this young girl he'd picked up
dialog: somewhere, gotten her pregnant then
text: dumped her in the swamp.
dialog: (indicating the photo)
dialog: That came with her.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: And the child...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: She had it, before she drank herself to
dialog: death. Wasn't exactly a love child...
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Suzie.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then you're not her grandmother...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Raised her like she was, but no,
dialog: Walter's my only child.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was a good boy, till the army took
dialog: him.
text: Gloria looks once more at the old photograph.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: So Suzie and Sandra Van Ryan were half-
dialog: sisters.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: And the other girl, Kelly. Suzie's
dialog: niece.
text: Gloria stands, a little weary. Ruby walks her from the room.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Thank you for talking to me, Ruby. I am
dialog: sorry about Suzie, she...
text: They have gotten to the main room and Gloria stops short,
text: noticing for the first time that the beat-up old black-and-white
text: TV has been replaced by a high-tech, giant-screen television.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I'm fine. Nice TV.
text: The old lady nods, walks her outside.
scene_heading: EXT. SMILIN' JACK'S FISH CAMP - DAY
text: The dusty road, the little dock, the gator pen.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's an old saying from the
dialog: Everglades -- virtue may be missed but
dialog: sin can't hide.
dialog: (a long beat)
text: Folks pay in the end.
text: Gloria nods. She is distracted by a movement in the gator pen.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON PEN
text: For a moment there is nothing more than a few ripples across the
text: surface of the pond which lies inside the pen, then, slowly, the
text: GATOR'S EYES -- cold, reptilian, unblinking, rising up to gaze
text: across the oily waters.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: BLACK. CREDITS...
text: for about ten seconds, enough to fool the audience, then...
scene_heading: INTERCUT - LIKE OUTTAKES...
text: ... PIECES OF SCENES WE COULDN'T SEE, or SCENES WE DIDN'T SEE AT
text: ALL, in reverse chronological order.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kelly is frantically trying to unlock the gun case as Ray comes
text: through the French doors. She can't get it done. He's there in
text: an instant.
text: She screams, backs away, then watches as Ray stops, wraps a hanky
text: around his hand and breaks the glass.
text: He takes out a small caliber handgun, checks the clip, aims the
text: gun at his own shoulder and fires.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES - DAY
text: A Jeep and a truck parked in the mud. Sam and Ray meet under
text: heavy, moss-draped cypress. Sam hands Ray a plastic bag -- the
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You know the place I'm talking about --
dialog: the big rocks?
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SAM &amp; SUZIE
text: behind the big rocks. He's got vise-grip pliers jammed in her
text: mouth. Suzie moans, for real. He loosens his grip.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You've got the pressure too tight.
dialog: You'll crush the fucking evidence.
text: Sam takes a breath, prepares to try again. Suzie pops a couple
text: of pills with gulps of wine. Sam goes to it once more.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Kelly and Sam on the floor, naked. He's on her from the rear.
text: It's getting wild. He suddenly stops, rolls to the floor.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We gotta stop. I'm gonna come.
text: Kelly laughs, straddles him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That never seemed to worry you at the
dialog: Glades.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's not your line.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Say you love me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I love you. Now give me the line.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (a whiny voice)
dialog: No little girl can ever make me come.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: EXT. THE GLADES MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Suzie's VW is parked across the street, in the shadows of tall
text: trees. She and Sam sit inside, watching as...
text: Ray Duquette EXITS a bungalow, a sport coat over his arm. He
text: heads for Jim's Recovery Room. In another moment, a young hooker
text: in a leather miniskirt walks out of the same bungalow.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Seems to like some of the same places
dialog: you do. Funny you never met.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, real funny. You're wrong about
dialog: this, I could get busted on the spot.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Trust me, the guy's dirty. He'll like
dialog: it. Especially the part about offing
dialog: me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now get out of here. Go make yourself a
dialog: new friend.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S RECOVERY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ray is at the bar. Sam sits down next to him. A moment of
text: silence, the twang of a country JUKE BOX -- then...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Buy you a drink?
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: ZNT. SAM'S OFFICE - BLUE BAY SCHOOL
text: Suzie Toller framed in the doorway. She walks in.
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: You like bein' a caddy for rich kids'
dialog: problems?
text: Sam just looks at her.
speaker_heading: SUZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I've seen you out there in your old air
dialog: boat, thinking about what might have
dialog: been, old man Van Ryan hadn't fucked you
dialog: out of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What if I told you I had a way we could
dialog: get a big piece of it back?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Well, I'd need the famous Lombardo
dialog: charm, not that you'd have to do
dialog: anything you haven't done already.
text: She takes an envelope from her notebook, tosses it in front of
text: Sam. Pictures slide onto his desk -- Sam and Kelly -- in various
text: poses of coked-out debauchery at the Glades Motel.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (white-faced)
dialog: How...
speaker_heading: SUZIE
dialog: Walter. He's been aimin' that Brownie
dialog: through knotholes for years. I saw
dialog: these, I knew he'd finally struck gold.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't decide which came out better,
dialog: that little straw Kelly's got up her
dialog: nose, or that vibrator you've got up her
dialog: ass. What do you think, Mr. Lombardo?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: I think there's some things you do, you
dialog: don't want to see yourself doing them.
scene_heading: BLACK -- MORE CREDITS -- then
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Sam lounges in a booth. He looks hot, bored. He stirs a drink.
text: Kelly walks in out of the light. She is looking a little strung
text: out, a big straw bag slung over one shoulder, but oh, so sexy in
text: skimpy cutoffs and cowboy boots -- long legs flashing as she
text: nears Sam's booth. Sam looks up, as...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm running away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You think that's wise?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (sitting next to him)
dialog: Um-huh. And guess what else?
dialog: (reaching into her bag)
dialog: I have toys.
text: She takes out a snail bag of white powder, taps out a line on the
dialog: table top.
text: Sam looks at it. He looks at Kelly. He's had a few drinks.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Well, Z guess one taste wouldn't hurt.
scene_heading: END CREDITS.
text: The seal comes up. It's over. They head for the lobby -- but --
scene_heading: EXT. SMILIN' JACK'S FISH CAMP - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Gloria stands beneath the jawbones, looking toward the channel as
text: the shadows lengthen across the dirt road.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CHANNEL
text: Walter hangs a "FOR SALE" sign on a small, shabby sloop.
text: Gloria CROSSES the road.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Selling your boat?
text: Walter shoots her a look.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: This was Suzie's boat. Guess she won't
dialog: be needin' it.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: I wouldn't have guessed Suzie was a
dialog: sailor.
text: Walter finishes with the sign.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Old lady had her tested once. They said
dialog: her IQ was way up there, round two
dialog: hundred or some such shit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That girl could do just about anything,
dialog: she put her mind to it.
text: Gloria has nothing to say. She stares at the little sloop
text: bobbing in the muddy water of the swamp.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARIBBEAN - WIDE ANGLE - SEA LEVEL - DAY
text: A head bobs among the groundswells.
scene_heading: CLOSE - SAM LOMBARDO
text: sucking wind through a smashed face, struggling to stay afloat,
dialog: as...
text: ... in the distance, the sloop races toward a far horizon.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SLOOP - HELICOPTER SHOT
text: Suzie, at the helm, looking good, face to the wind.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: (really)
dialog: 
