speaker_heading: Rev. 06/15/98 (Pink)
speaker_heading: Rev. 07/01/98 (Yellow)
speaker_heading: Rev. 08/28/98 (Green)
speaker_heading: Rev. 09/03/98 (Goldenrod)
speaker_heading: Rev. 10/07/98 (Buff)
speaker_heading: Rev. 04/09/99 (Salmon)
speaker_heading: WILD WILD WEST
dialog: Story by
dialog: Jim Thomas &amp; John Thomas
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: S.S. Wilson &amp; Brent Maddock
dialog: and Jeffrey Price &amp; Peter S. Seaman
dialog: Based on the Television Series
dialog: "Wild Wild West"
scene_heading: REVISED FINAL DRAFT
dialog: May 14, 1998
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. © 1998
text: 4000 Warner Boulevard WARNER BROS.
dialog: Burbank, California 91522 All Rights Reserved
speaker_heading: Rev. 4/9/99
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A1 EXT. ALFALFA FIELD - NIGHT A1
text: A slight breeze gently sways the green and purple crop.
text: The CHIRP of CICADA is the only sound.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: 1868 - ST. TAMMANY PARISH, LOUISIANA
text: But suddenly the CHIRPING GETS LOUDER and LOUDER --
text: BZZZZZ! -- until we realize it's not the cicadas, but
dialog: a --
text: SWOOOSH! A lethal, razor-sharp DISC BUZZES up over the
text: horizon, swoops TOWARD the CAMERA and OUT OF FRAME!
text: The CAMERA SPINS AROUND to see the disc flying away,
text: chasing a man, THADDEUS MORTON, wearing a strange
text: metallic collar -- exhausted, horrified, about to die.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - MORTON
text: He looks over his shoulder, panting -- he's been running
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Madman... Hideous spider... Run...
dialog: Run! Warn the President...
text: Morton zig-zags through a grove of trees, a desperate
text: attempt to avoid the horrible serrated disc. But the
text: ruse is futile. The disc goes straight through the
text: trees, slicing a path straight as the crow flies.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - OLD WAGON
text: dilapidated, broken down, weathering away in the field.
text: Morton runs around the wagon -- but the DISC BUZZES
text: straight through the sideboards! Wood shavings spit
dialog: everywhere! There's no stopping this thing.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - MORTON
text: running for his life -- stops, turns. He turns,
text: incomprehensibly mumbling, pleading for his life,
text: cowering.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Noooooooo!!!!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 2.
speaker_heading: A1 CONTINUED: A1
text: And the DISC SWOOSHES TOWARD the CAMERA -- BZZZZZZZ!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NIGHT SKY FULL OF STARS - LOW ANGLE
text: A man leans INTO FRAME. This is GENERAL McGRATH. And
text: he's there to collect the silver death disc.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (to the unseen,
dialog: dead Morton)
dialog: And they says you scientists are
dialog: supposed to be smart.
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DUSTY ROAD - LOW ANGLE - NIGHT 1
text: HOOVES THUNDER by. Then bouncing, skidding wagon wheels.
text: Up on the empty buckboard is a pair of murderous ex-Rebs.
text: As the Rebs pass a pint of whisky, lash the six-horse
text: team on, PAN WITH the wagon to see it's headed for...
scene_heading: 2 EXT. WATER TOWER - NIGHT 2
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL (O.S.)
dialog: The legendary Captain James West
dialog: and I finally got him all to
dialog: myself.
scene_heading: 3 INT. WATER TOWER - NIGHT 3
text: WEST is bathing with the beatiful SALOON GIRL.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's right, sugar, and you
dialog: should feel free to treat him
dialog: just bad.
text: She moves in and kisses him, long and hard. West hears
text: the CLATTER of the APPROACHING WAGONS. He stops the
text: kiss and peeks out the knothole.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. WAREHOUSE - WEST'S POV THROUGH KNOTHOLE - NIGHT
text: Down below, West sees the wagon with the Rebs.
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 3.
scene_heading: 5 INT. WATER TOWER - NIGHT 5
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: General McGrath's boys. I thought
dialog: y'all was never gonna show up.
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL
dialog: Mister West, you wouldn't be here
dialog: workin' tonight, now would you?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: No, no. 'Course not. Not tonight.
dialog: Would you be working if you were up
dialog: here with you?
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL
dialog: Good.
text: They start kissing again. He surreptitiously peeks out
text: the knothole, while continuing his kiss.
scene_heading: 6 INT. FAT-CAN CANDY'S - NIGHT 6
text: This two-story, Victorian building across town is a
dialog: "gentlemen's sporting house" in name only. Drunken
text: roughnecks and ex-Confederate soldiers goose and maul
text: the rouged-up tarts.
speaker_heading: AT BAR - WOMAN
text: shrinks back from the moronic ribaldry. The Toulouse
text: Lautrec lighting only accentuates her garish hair and
text: makeup, identifying her as a SOILED DOVE. A whore -- not
dialog: to put too fine a point on it. She's trying not to make
text: eye contact with two men seated at a table across the
dialog: parlor.
scene_heading: SOILED DOVE'S POV - GEN. McGRATH AND HUDSON
text: HUDSON is a fearsome-looking Indian in a well-tailored
text: suit. Long black braids descend incongruously from under
text: a homburg hat. As for his companion...
text: McGRATH is a mountain of drunken pus. Six foot, sweating
text: like a Devonshire hog with his tattered, undersized
text: Confederate dress jacket buttoned all the way to the top.
text: His ear has been hacked off and replaced by what looks to
text: be a miniature leather Victrola horn. McGrath smiles at
text: our Soiled Dove and makes a little kissing gesture.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 4.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SOILED DOVE
text: Eyes widened in revulsion. What evil abides in this
text: Godforsaken place? Now a drunkenly EYE-CROSSED REB
text: licks Dora's ear, then whispers something in it.
text: Something unspeakably vile, by Dora's expression.
speaker_heading: DORA
dialog: I'm sorry. That won't be
dialog: possible. I have... tonsillitis.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. WAREHOUSE - WEST'S POV THROUGH KNOTHOLE - NIGHT 7
text: The Rebs load the boxes onto the wagon. We see the wheel
text: of the wagon up against the rotted leg of the water
dialog: tower.
speaker_heading: BIG REB
dialog: Pack'er up good, Virgil. Next stop
dialog: N'Orleans.
scene_heading: 8 INT. WATER TOWER - NIGHT 8
text: West is unaware that she's watching him, not watching
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL
dialog: (admonishing)
dialog: Jim!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Ah, this hole is a safety issue.
dialog: I'm thinking, what if it starts to
text: rain and the water level goes up.
dialog: It could suck you right up. I'm
dialog: protecting you. (variations)
text: Saloon Girl frustrated, has grabbed West's boxer shorts
text: (with little horses on them) and plugs the hole with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL
dialog: Problem solved.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Belle, you don't just ram a man's
text: underbritches into a knothole.
dialog: You wanna plug the hole, you ram
dialog: your own britches in there.
text: West is at a loss. She moves in for another kiss.
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 4A.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 9
text: The HORSES SPOOK as a crate is dropped onto the wagon.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - AXLE
text: caught on the WATER TOWER LEG. It CREAKS.
scene_heading: 10 INT. WATER TOWER - NIGHT 10
text: West hears the CREAK. He breaks the kiss.
speaker_heading: SALOON GIRL
dialog: Oh, Jim.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Much as I'd like to take credit
dialog: for that you might need to hand
dialog: me my gun...
text: The tower starts to topple.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: ... Hand me my gun.
text: It CRASHES...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11 EXT. WAREHOUSE SKYLIGHT - NIGHT 11
text: West crashes down into the tarp covering the boxes. The
text: only people more shocked than he is are the guards and
text: the Rebs he just dropped in on. West picks himself up,
text: smiles coolly at the drenched slack-jaws.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Okay, who just made a wish?
dialog: Was it you?
text: He looks up at the freaked-out Saloon Girl, still in the
text: tank. She hangs on with one hand, the other hand
text: clutches his clothes.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I could sure use those clothes
dialog: now.
text: She responds by Frisbee-ing his hat down. West picks it
text: up, with a look... uses it to cover his genitals.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 4B.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: BIG REB
dialog: Well, we got us a shy nig...
text: But he never gets that word out. Bang! West lashes a
text: lightning martial arts kick to the Reb's jaw.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Fought five long years with the
dialog: Union Army not to hear that word
dialog: again. And you boys lost,
dialog: remember?
text: As the other Reb comes at him, he spins, still holding
text: the hat in front of him... and whap! Down that one goes.
text: West looks up at the none-too-bright water tank woman.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: How 'bout some pants!?
text: As she throws the rest of his clothes down in a heap...
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 12 INT. FAT-CAN'S - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 12
text: General McGrath checks a pocket watch, looks up
text: impatiently at the Indian, Hudson. His eyes drift
dialog: upwards... to the balcony where...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON UPSTAIRS BALCONY - TWO MORE EX-REBS
text: have come up back stairs lugging a heavy steamer trunk.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
text: I'm still waiting on my guns and
dialog: ammo, but I see my men have
dialog: brought your merchandise.
text: McGrath subtly gestures with his eyes to the balcony for
text: Hudson to confirm. Hudson nods.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: I had expected to be delivering it
dialog: personally to Mr...
text: Hudson quickly cuts him off before he can say the name.
text: The Indian speaks in a very precise King's English.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: My employer, here in a brothel?
dialog: (a small ironic
dialog: smile)
dialog: That would be quite... redundant.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. STREET - ON CARRIAGE - NIGHT 13
text: MOVE IN ON an elegant brougham driven by a very large,
text: very striking woman in livery.
text: As the carriage passes under the gas lamp, we can make
text: out the top-hatted silhouette of McGrath's "employer,"
text: DR. ARLISS LOVELESS. Clustered around him inside the cab
text: are three more beautiful women. As he strokes the cheek
text: of the ORIENTAL one with the back of his hand like a
dialog: cat...
scene_heading: 14 INT. FAT-CAN'S - McGRATH AND HUDSON - NIGHT 14
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: You'll meet him when the time --
dialog: and place -- are appropriate.
dialog: Now...
dialog: (stands)
dialog: ... shall we go upstairs to check
dialog: the 'merchandise'?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Frankly, Mr. Hudson, I wasn't
dialog: planning to walk those oaken
dialog: stairs with you. Direct me to the
dialog: poot, sir. Something young and
text: creamy. A gamer that takes to the
dialog: crop and spur.
text: McGrath looks to the singer (Rita), who beats a hasty
text: retreat from him after her song. So, once again, McGrath
text: lays his rheumy eyes on...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SOILED DOVE
text: She's oblivious, more intrigued by the ex-Rebs on the
text: balcony with the trunk. As she starts for the stairs...
text: a man's hand grabs her. It's the Eye-Crossed Reb again.
speaker_heading: EYE-CROSSED REB
dialog: You drive a hard bargain, lady.
dialog: All right, fifty cents to take
dialog: them big juicy lips and...
speaker_heading: DORA
dialog: Still not interested.
text: She tries to pull away. But the Reb won't let go.
speaker_heading: EYE-CROSSED REB
dialog: But you gotta be interested.
dialog: You're a whore.
text: Suddenly the coquettishness in the eyes becomes rage.
text: The falsetto becomes a baritone growl.
speaker_heading: DORA
dialog: (baritone)
dialog: That doesn't mean a girl can't
dialog: have high standards.
text: Just as the Reb registers the odd new voice... wham! Her
text: corsage springs out and whacks him right in the jaw. The
text: Reb's eyes roll back... and he slumps to the ground.
dialog: Whooa, hoss... the Soiled Dove is a man! He's ARTEMUS
dialog: GORDON and his true profession will be revealed to us
text: shortly. But now, as he/she stashes the unconscious Reb
text: behind the bar, straightens bosom and wig...
scene_heading: 15 INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 15
text: West is trying to get dressed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
text: As he pulls on one leg of his pants, a guard lunges at
text: him with a knife. West hops up on one leg, smacks the
text: guy with a mule kick.
text: Now he puts his arm through his shirt sleeve. When the
text: hand emerges out of the cuff, it's balled in a fist --
text: which coldcocks the other guard.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Could I have a little privacy
dialog: here?
text: As if in response, the water tower, still hovering above,
text: now crashes to the floor -- obliterating his opponents.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Thank you.
text: He calmly looks up in time to catch the falling, naked,
text: screaming Saloon Girl in his arms.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You'll have to excuse me,
dialog: darlin'... but my evidence is
text: getting away.
text: West gallantly puts her down, jumps up, grabs the
text: overhead block and tackle system and slides through the
text: warehouse. As the HORSE TEAM, which has spooked,
text: THUNDERS past...
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - WEST
text: sails onto the runaway wagon. As he pulls himself into
text: the back, he gives the shivering Saloon Girl a tip of his
text: hat -- now on his head.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Sorry about there not being any
dialog: towels.
scene_heading: 16 INT. FAT-CAN'S - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 16
text: General McGrath leers down a line-up of Fat-Can's girls.
text: Just as he gets to the beautiful singer, who looks sick
text: at the thought, suddenly Gordon intrudes. He/she blocks
text: out the singer, poses coquettishly -- sucking a
dialog: lollypop.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: What's your name, missy?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: (demurely; back to
dialog: his falsetto)
dialog: Dora. Would you like to go
dialog: upstairs?
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Oh, indeedy I would.
text: Gordon/Dora starts to go as the Eye-Crossed Reb wakes up.
text: He grabs him/her, very pissed.
speaker_heading: EYE-CROSSED REB
dialog: Hey, c'mere! Who the hell are you
dialog: anyway?!
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: She's... mine!
text: Blam! McGrath emphasizes his claim by gut-shooting the
text: Reb. The shot makes Dora/Gordon jump and the room go
text: quiet. As the Reb crumples, McGrath turns back to
text: Gordon/Dora, oddly inspired.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: I feel like... a ditty!
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: A ditty? But General...
dialog: (trying to be
dialog: coquettish again)
dialog: ... my talents really lay
dialog: elsewhere.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Nothing stokes the fire in my
text: loins like a ditty.
text: McGrath hauls him/her over to the piano player.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: You've got some pretty fair lungs
dialog: on ya, girl, now use 'em!
text: He punctuates with a slap to Gordon/Dora's rump. The
text: other singer (Rita) watches too.
scene_heading: 17 INT. FAT-CAN'S - NIGHT 17
text: Gordon/Dora is sweating. Reluctantly, he/she whispers
text: something to the piano player. He clears his throat and
text: begins singing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: 'Buy a drink for the boys
dialog: In the backroom for me...'
scene_heading: 18 EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - WILD WAGON RIDE - NIGHT 18
text: West spots the contents of an open box. Eyes widen.
scene_heading: CLOSE - BOX - DOZEN GLASS VIALS
text: stuck in sand. But clinking together ominously as the
text: wagon races over the cobblestones.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Backwards-ass bumpkins got a wagon
dialog: full of nitro...!
text: West tries to steady the glass vials with his hands...
text: but it's no use. He quickly climbs over the boxes, onto
text: the buckboard seat. But the reins are dragging on the
text: ground beneath the frothing horses.
text: West leaps onto the horses as the wagon careens down the
text: street. He pulls himself over the first one's neck...
text: onto the next horse. And as he tries for the lead horse,
text: he falls between them!
scene_heading: 19 INT. FAT-CAN'S - NIGHT 19
text: Gordon/Dora singing. He/she struggles through the song
text: in a very tough room.
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: 'And tell them I tried...
dialog: And tell them I cried...'
text: Just when it looks like the stone-faced rowdies might rip
text: him/her apart, McGrath starts tapping a mud-caked toe.
text: Encouraged, Gordon/Dora belts out the next verses OVER...
scene_heading: 20 EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - WILD WAGON RIDE - NIGHT 20
text: West's custom boots drag in the dirt as he's about to be
text: trampled under the hooves of the freaked-out horses. And
text: if he hasn't got enough problems, the lynch pin attaching
text: the team to the wagon has almost worked its way out.
scene_heading: CLOSE - BACK OF WAGON - NITRO VIALS
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
text: CLANKING together like chimes...
speaker_heading: CLOSE - WEST
text: Straining with every ounce of strength in his body, he
text: pulls himself up by the harness onto...
scene_heading: CLOSE - WILD-EYED LEAD HORSE
text: West grabs for the halter.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Whoa now...!
text: But it doesn't whoa. The wagon goes around a corner up
text: on two wheels! It's about to tilt over when West grabs
text: both the horses' ears, yanks them back -- screaming into
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I said, whoa!!!
dialog: This approach seems to work.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. RISE ABOVE FAT-CAN'S - NIGHT 21
text: The team comes to an abrupt stop... and with it the wagon
text: hanging over the edge of a steep drop.
text: Jim carefully climbs off. He slaps the dust on his
text: jacket, straightens the crease in his trousers. When he
text: looks up, a bitter smile.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Well, well, this is workin' out to
dialog: be a perfect day. My man...
scene_heading: HIS POV - VICTORIAN BUILDING - ACROSS STREET
text: The tasteful sign under the red light reads: "FAT-CAN
text: CANDY'S." And framed in the window, General McGrath with
text: his singing soiled dove.
speaker_heading: WEST (O.S.)
dialog: ... General Bloodbath McGrath.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 22 INT. FAT-CAN'S - CLOSE - McGRATH 22
text: McGrath is clapping with the crowd of misfits who are now
text: singing along with Gordon/Dora. He/she's won over the room.
speaker_heading: GORDON/CROWD
dialog: (rousing finish)
dialog: And tell them I tried just the
dialog: same...!
text: He/she curtsies to rousing applause. McGrath beams like
text: a man with the fire in his loins roaring. He grabs his
text: little songbird and up the stairs they go.
text: Out the WINDOWS, we see West tracking them. Simul-
text: taneously going up outside steps.
scene_heading: 23 INT. FAT-CAN'S - UPSTAIRS - GORDON/DORA 23
text: leads the sweating, leering General down the hall.
text: He/she quickly opens and closes boudoir doors --
text: ostensibly to find a free room for their assignation.
text: The real agenda is to find the mysterious trunk.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOORWAY #1
text: Quick peek. He/she registers a mild reaction of shock.
text: Closes that door and moves on to...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOORWAY #2
text: Quick peek. The two rebs sitting on the trunk. At their
text: feet is a wriggling burlap sack. The "merchandise" is alive.
text: Gordon/Dora giggles like a schoolgirl.
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: Well, that's a new one.
text: McGrath slams the door, drags Gordon/Dora roughly...
scene_heading: 24 INT. BOUDOIR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 24
text: Our soiled dove has her back to the door as if steeling
text: herself for the task at hand. McGrath beckons her over
text: to the bed.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Don't let the ear scare you. I
dialog: lost it at Chickamauga.
text: Gordon/Dora squints at the jerry-rigged ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: Oh really. One can hardly
dialog: notice...
dialog: (fiddles with her
dialog: belt buckle)
dialog: Would you mind...? I... I...
dialog: can't seem to release the clasp of
dialog: my belt.
text: Say no more. McGrath is on her like a flash, fidgeting
text: with it. But it pops open, revealing a spiraling screen
text: courtesy of Dr. Mesmer. His eyes lock onto it.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Wha... what's this?
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: It's a deep, deep pool. Maybe
dialog: your old swimmin' hole. Getting
dialog: sleepy, General?
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (ga-ga)
dialog: Yes, I'm sleepy.
text: McGrath sits on the floor. Gordon smiles... this is
dialog: gonna be easy.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (normal voice)
dialog: Good. You're going to be my
dialog: little doggy. And when I say
dialog: 'speak,' you tell me everything I
dialog: want to know. Understood?
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (barks)
dialog: Woof!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: All right, little doggy. Sit up.
dialog: (as he does)
dialog: Now tell me who's in the sack next
dialog: door. Is it the scientist, Dr.
dialog: Escobar? Speak!
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Woof! Woof!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Speak words, dumb doggy! Tell me
dialog: the name of the man you kidnapped
dialog: him for...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (2) 24
text: But McGrath doesn't answer. Gordon's Mesmer spiral slows
text: to a stop. McGrath is coming out of the trance. McGrath
text: starts to growl, rip at his/her petticoats.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Watch the swirling spiral! Lie
dialog: down, bad dog!
text: As Gordon notices that his contraption's failed...
speaker_heading: 25 OMITTED 25
scene_heading: 26 INT. FAT-CAN'S - BOUDOIR - GORDON/DORA 26
text: is busy trying to get the spiral going again, doesn't see
text: McGrath reach for his boot knife. Just as the deranged
text: general's about to plunge it into Gordon/Dora...
text: ... the WINDOW EXPLODES. Jim West comes tumbling into
text: the room, kicks the knife out of McGrath's hand in one
text: smooth move. West rolls to his feet, fixes a gallant
dialog: smile on Gordon/Dora.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Didn't mean to startle you, ma'am.
dialog: Looked like you could use some
dialog: help.
text: It takes Gordon a moment to recover. He stares at this
text: black Samaritan, obviously having no clue who he is.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (clears throat to
dialog: recover falsetto)
dialog: Looks can be deceivin'... dark
dialog: stranger. I am perfectly fine.
text: West quickly pats McGrath down, removes a revolver and
text: his bag of gold coins.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I can see that, darlin'. Woman of
dialog: your caliber probably gets top
dialog: dollar, too. So here you go.
dialog: (flips her McGrath's
dialog: coin bag)
dialog: You can run along. I'll take care
dialog: of McGrath.
text: As West sticks the barrel of his gun in McGrath's
text: gramophone ear, Gordon's eyes pop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: GORDON/DORA
dialog: No! I need him!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: C'mon, lady. You got the money.
dialog: Have a little dignity.
text: Gordon jerks West's gun hand away from McGrath's head
text: just as the dog-soldier comes around. McGrath suddenly
text: lunges at him.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (bellows ferociously)
dialog: West...!!!
text: He drives his full weight into Jim's back, pushing him out
dialog: into...
scene_heading: 27 INT. FAT-CAN'S - UPSTAIRS HALL 27
text: McGrath's rebel yell brings help from all directions.
text: DOORS BANG open all along the hallway. Not just
text: McGrath's men, but Hudson and his crew. A melee will
dialog: ensue.
text: West pushes the monster off of him, rolls as a BULLET
text: SPLINTERS the WOOD where he just was. The SHOT STARTS...
scene_heading: ANGLE - STAMPEDE OF SEMI-CLAD WHORES
text: all screaming hysterically and heading for the exits.
text: The beautiful young singer, who'd been coming up the
text: stairs alone, is now swept back down them.
text: Gordon, still in character, pushes his way upstream to the
text: room where the scientist is held.
scene_heading: 28 INT. FAT-CAN'S - ADJACENT ROOM - NIGHT 28
text: Hudson, his back turned, barking orders at his henchmen.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Get Escobar out of here!
text: The henchmen heft the wriggling sack, when:
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: Leave him right there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
text: Hudson whirls to see the gruff-talking Gordon/Dora holding
text: the perfume bottle on him like it's a Colt 45. Now Gordon
text: shakes one of the heavy bracelets off his wrist, CLICKS a
text: LOCK, snapping it open. He's accessorized with custom
text: handcuffs.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Let's go, Hudson... hands!
text: Hudson gives a sick little smile, reaches for his gun
dialog: when... WSSSSHT!
text: Gordon sprays him in the eyes with the second bulb of the
text: atomizer. (The first Mace!) Hudson howls in pain, drops
text: the gun, rubs his eyes madly with both hands.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Thank... you.
text: Gordon starts to snap the cuffs on the perfectly
dialog: presented wrists when...
scene_heading: 29 FAT-CAN'S - UPSTAIRS HALL - WEST - NIGHT 29
text: brawling a dozen attackers. West spots McGrath trying to
text: escape down the stairs. He uncorks a lethal kick, sending
text: a thug flying through the doorway and into the back of
dialog: Gordon.
text: Gordon staggers, drops the perfume/mace BOTTLE which
text: SHATTERS. Hudson recovers his vision enough to send a
text: fist into Gordon's mascaraed face, pile-driving him back
text: into the hall. While Hudson and his men make their
text: escape down the back stairs with the scientist sack...
scene_heading: CLOSE - WEST AND GORDON
text: West is blocked from chasing McGrath, Gordon from going
text: after Hudson. West tries to push her aside.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: U.S. Army... Now get outta my
dialog: way, lady!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (the baritone
dialog: growl)
dialog: I'm no lady! I'm a U.S. Marshal!
dialog: You get out of my way!
text: Gordon whip off his wig, reaches inside it for something.
text: West blinks at the weirdness, reflexively draws his Colt.
text: As Gordon withdraws not a gun, but a badge, from his
dialog: wig...
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. RISE ABOVE FAT CAN'S - CARRIAGE - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 30
text: is waiting at the top of the hill beside the nitro wagon.
text: Dr. Loveless is beside it, face still shadowed.
scene_heading: INSIDE CARRIAGE - FAIR-SKINNED BEAUTY
text: has opera glasses trained on the second story of Fat-
text: Can's. Her name is LIPPENREIDER. And now we'll see why.
speaker_heading: LIPPENREIDER
dialog: (in a monotone)
dialog: Get out of my way... get out of my
dialog: way... U.S. Army... U.S. Marshal.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Oh, dear...
text: The lip-reading is interrupted by the arrival of...
scene_heading: ANGLE - TOP OF INCLINE - HUDSON AND HIS HENCHMEN
text: who come racing up with the scientist-in-the-sack.
speaker_heading: HUDSON
dialog: Federal agents inside, sir!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: So Miss Lippenreider informs me.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Still, I believe good manners
dialog: dictate we should send out...
text: His cane telescopes out and Loveless pokes the lynch pin
text: out of the harness on the nitro wagon. Then he gives the
dialog: wagon the slightest push.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: ... the welcome wagon.
text: Once started, the wagon rolls downhill, toward the back
text: door of Fat-Can Candy's, picking up speed...
text: Then, as his female coterie pulls the burlap sack into
text: the carriage, Loveless steps in behind. And they're off.
scene_heading: 31 INT. FAT CAN'S - UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT 31
text: West and Gordon, oblivious to the impending disaster...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: So now what...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
text: The answer is provided as the NITRO WAGON hits
dialog: downstairs.
text: KABOOOOOOM!!! THEME MUSIC UP... as we roll...
scene_heading: 32 MAIN TITLES 32
text: The titles are the familiar animated freeze frames from
dialog: the TV show. In the two corners are our heroes -- Upper
text: left shows West with his gun levelled toward... upper
text: right -- Gordon with his wig in one hand and his badge in
text: the other, pointed across toward West.
text: The cowboy/agent in the middle square fights and defeats
text: the various bad guys. Then as he exits, QUICK ZOOM ON
text: main title: "THE WILD WILD WEST."
text: PAN DOWN TO a sketch of a train caboose as TITLES END...
scene_heading: 33 EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY (1869) 33
text: West rides his magnificent black stallion down
dialog: Pennsylvania Avenue.
text: Besides horse-drawn carriages, West shares the dusty road
text: with people on bicycles -- the latest craze. He finally
text: pulls his steed up at his destination...
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY
text: West dismounts, ties his horse to a hitching post and
text: winces as he puts his weight on a sore leg.
scene_heading: 34 INT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY 34
text: West limps past black floor scrubbers. They stop working
text: to marvel at this handsome black man dressed in custom
text: cowboy duds walking in there like he owns the place.
text: But not everybody's so impressed. As West heads toward
text: the Oval Office, four self-important house detectives
text: block his way.
speaker_heading: HOUSE DETECTIVE
dialog: Whoa there, 'pardner.'
dialog: (as West stops)
dialog: Winning the war may have got you
dialog: forty acres and a mule, but you
dialog: can't just traipse into the
dialog: President's office. Now gimme
dialog: that gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
text: He nods at the six gun on West's hip. West coolly flexes
text: his hand above it, like he's about to draw...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: This gun?
text: Then like lightning, with his other hand, he whips out a
text: sawed-off shotgun hidden by his jacket. He pokes the
text: 12-gauge barrels up against Pinkerton's surprised crotch.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Or this one?
text: A voice stops the situation from escalating further.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT (O.S.)
dialog: Gentlemen!
text: The detective's head swivels around to see...
scene_heading: ANGLE - OVAL OFFICE DOOR - PRESIDENT GRANT
text: stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Don't make Captain West any later
dialog: for his appointment than he
dialog: already is!
text: The detectives back away from the hair-trigger cowboy as
text: fast as they can. West reholsters the gun and
dialog: continues...
scene_heading: 35 INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE 35
text: President Grant goes over to his desk, lights a cigar.
text: Backlit in the haze, the portly bearded figure lives up
dialog: to the myth.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Been a lot of death threats lately
dialog: ... Cabinet made me hire some damn
dialog: detectives.
dialog: (by way of apology)
dialog: Drink, cigar?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: West limps across the room to the bar, pours himself a
text: glass of whiskey, takes a cigar out of the humidor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I hear you let General McGrath
dialog: get away?
text: Now West's blood is up.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Sir, I had him right in my hands
dialog: when some half-a-sissy wearin' a
dialog: dress ruined...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: Artemus Gordon.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You... know him?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Of course I know him, he's the
dialog: best marshal I've got! He's a
dialog: genius.
dialog: (off West's
dialog: incredulous look)
dialog: Gordon has proven himself time and
dialog: again as a very cunning operator
text: with a rapacious intellect.
dialog: Nothing will stop him from
dialog: completing a mission for his
dialog: President... except the impulsive
dialog: actions of a headstrong cowboy!
text: West just looks at him soberly. Draws his gun and
text: places it against the President's head. Grant's eyes
dialog: widen.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I am the President of the United
dialog: States!
text: West points the GUN to the ceiling and pulls the trigger.
text: BLAM!!! As Grant jumps a foot and plaster rains down...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Wrong answer. Who are you?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I am the President of...
dialog: (as West cocks gun)
dialog: ... I'm Artemus Gordon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
text: West lowers his gun, nods at Gordon's class ring.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: The President went to West Point
dialog: ... not Harvard.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT (O.S.)
dialog: Will somebody tell me what the
dialog: hell this stunt is all about!?!
scene_heading: 36 INT. WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - SIDE DOORWAY - 36
scene_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT - DAY
text: (the real one) stands in the doorway, hands on hips,
text: surrounded by his house detectives -- their guns drawn.
text: West nudges the fake Grant in the fake belly with his gun
text: barrel -- go ahead. Sheepishly, Gordon starts peeling
text: off his primitive, but effective, facial prosthetics.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Sir, in perilous times like these,
dialog: I was simply illustrating how
dialog: someone impersonating you could
dialog: actually walk right into the very
dialog: bowels of the White House...
text: Just as Gordon makes his intestinal allusion, West takes
text: a ceremonial bayonet off Grant's desk and pokes a hole in
text: the inflated bladder that was his fake paunch. The AIR
text: HISSES out, finishes deflating with a flatulent R-R-RIP.
dialog: (Hey, the first whoopee cushion?)
text: Gordon scowls at him.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: You're clever, Gordon. One day
dialog: it'll get you killed.
text: West smirks as Grant looks up at the bullet hole in the
text: ceiling, then fixes West with a disapproving eye.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: ... And you, West -- not every
dialog: situation calls for your patented
dialog: approach of shoot first, shoot
dialog: later, shoot again -- then when
dialog: they're all dead, try to ask a
dialog: question or two.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Working together will be good for
dialog: both of you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 21.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: WEST AND GORDON
dialog: But, sir, I work...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: You work the way your Commander In
dialog: Chief tells you to work.
text: Grant turns and EXITS FRAME.
scene_heading: 37 INT. WHITE HOUSE - WAR ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY 37
text: The place is a buzzing intelligence operations center --
dialog: state-of-the-art for the 1860's. Maps of the U.S. and
text: the world are on the wall. Various staff and military
text: people work CLACKING TELEGRAPHS, PRINTING MACHINES that
dialog: GRIND out reports, etc.
text: Grant stops at a display of daguerreotype photos, all
text: depicting distinguished bewhiskered men.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Ten of our country's best
dialog: scientists... all kidnapped in the
dialog: last year. By General McGrath, it
dialog: now seems.
dialog: (turns to them)
dialog: The fact is, gentlemen, you've
dialog: both been working on the same
dialog: case all along. Why did it take
dialog: you so long to realize it?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Well, sir, one of us was still
dialog: trying to figure out if he was a
dialog: man or a woman.
text: The detectives snicker over that one. Grant's had
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I don't have time for this
dialog: bickering! One week, if we're to
dialog: believe this...
text: Grant holds out a letter to Gordon and West. Gordon
text: snatches it, reads:
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'General Grant, the scientists
dialog: that you seek are in my employ --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 21A.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: (A1) 37
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Creating a weapons system
dialog: beyond the pale of contemporary
dialog: imagination. History and justice
dialog: are on my side. I suggest you put
dialog: your affairs in order. You have
dialog: one week before you will surrender
dialog: the U.S. Government.'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: This letter was delivered inside
dialog: this.
text: An aide presents a glass case. Inside is a cake in the
text: shape of the White House.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (reaching inside)
dialog: Marzipan, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (grabs his hand)
dialog: Wait!
text: Suddenly dozens of deadly-looking spiders swarm out from
text: inside the cake. Gordon jerks his hand back.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: It's McGrath, sir. The South is
dialog: rising again. I'm gonna stop it.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Sir, West's obsession aside,
dialog: McGrath may be a vicious killer,
dialog: but a mastermind he is not. So
dialog: whom do we seek? After consulting
dialog: with Intelligence...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: McGrath's headed for New Orleans.
dialog: The longer we stand here talkin',
dialog: the farther away he gets. I don't
dialog: need 'Intelligence' to tell me
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Ah, so that would mean you rely on
dialog: ... Stupidity?
dialog: Grant's had enough.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Gentlemen! I'm leaving today for
dialog: Utah where the transcontinental
dialog: railroads will be joined at
text: Promontory Point.
text: Grant points to a map of the United States. The railroad
text: lines have been drawn in... still a gap between them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 37 CONTINUED: (2) 37
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: For the first time the United
dialog: States will truly be united.
dialog: (turns, holds up
dialog: letter)
dialog: Someone wants us divided. Now
dialog: look, you two are the best I've
dialog: got. Put aside your differences
dialog: and stop this madman... whoever he
dialog: is. If you fail, well... we may
dialog: never know how great this country
dialog: could've been.
dialog: (snaps off a salute)
dialog: You have a week. Dismissed!
text: They both return Grant's salute as the President stomps
text: off. His AIDE now approaches.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: The President has put a private
dialog: train at your disposal. Engine
dialog: number five, track six.
dialog: (holds out a
dialog: wrapped box)
dialog: Mr. Gordon, the item you
dialog: requested.
text: Gordon takes the box, hurries to catch up with West.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAY 38
text: West and Gordon, walking toward the hitching post. West
text: is so beside himself he can barely untie his high-voltage
text: stud. He glowers at Gordon who goes over to where...
scene_heading: ANGLE - STRANGE-LOOKING BICYCLE
text: Is parked on the other side of a bush. It has the
text: customary big wheel in the front, little wheel in the
text: back. (Hidden from sight is a motor on the front tire.
text: Dual manifolds that sling under the rider's legs.)
text: West shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Figures.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I call it the Bi-axle Nitro-
dialog: Combust...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Save it. I've gotta train to
dialog: catch.
text: West swings into the saddle. He looks at the SNORTING
text: wild HORSE under him, then down at Gordon attaching the
text: box onto the seat of his Nitro-whatever.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (snaps off a smug
dialog: salute)
dialog: Yee-haaa!!
text: West spurs his horse and leaves Gordon in the proverbial
text: cloud of dust.
text: Although West's intentions are clear, for some reason,
text: Gordon's in no particular hurry. He sighs, climbs on the
text: bike, takes out a hankie and cleans a pair of goggles.
text: Then, finally ready...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Avant!!!
text: VROOOM! An ENGINE KICKS IN and Gordon rockets forward.
dialog: (Yep, Artemus has invented the first motorcycle!) Fiery
text: exhaust blasts out of the manifolds as the bike propels
text: him down the street at about 60 mph right past...
text: ANGLE ON WEST AND HIS STALLION
text: who both look over in wide-eyed shock. The horse rears
text: as Gordon SCREAMS by -- leaving them in a cloud of
dialog: internal combustion.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. C STREET TRAIN STATION - TRAIN ENGINE - DAY 39
text: From in front, as it CHUGS TOWARDS us. Sitting up in the
text: spanking new steam engine (No. 5) is a white-haired
text: Coleman. The Wanderer is his pride and joy. Coleman
text: pushes the throttle forward and the ENGINE ROARS PAST
text: us... followed by a tender, and two gleaming passenger
dialog: cars.
text: Then comes West THUNDERING past in a desperate effort to
dialog: catch up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
scene_heading: ANGLE - WITH WEST
text: riding like hell. Getting the last ounce of speed out of
text: his well-lathered steed, he finally pulls alongside the
text: rear passenger car. He looks up... In the window, we see
text: Gordon engrossed in what he's doing... which appears to
dialog: be sewing.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Stop this train!! You hear me!?!
text: If Gordon hears him, he pretends not to. He just
text: casually makes the next stitch.
text: West's horse has had it. They're losing ground to the
text: train. At the last second, West leans over at full
text: gallop and grabs a handle on the side of the train. He
text: swings out of the saddle, hanging on for dear life,
text: blowing in the breeze like laundry.
text: Finally, his boot finds a small metal plate to put its
text: weight on. Just as West stands safely on it... whoosh!
text: He flies up in the air and drops through a sliding
text: partition in the roof.
scene_heading: 40 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 40
text: The car is like a classy Victorian men's club. Bar
text: stocked with crystal decanters, a pool table, decorative
text: pistols on the wall, books, etc. Gordon, seated in a
text: club chair, looks over as West falls from the ceiling
text: into a seat. He's hot, dusty and very pissed off. He
text: glowers at Gordon murderously.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Thanks for dropping in.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Forget the bikes, the beards, the
dialog: fake boobies. Put down the
dialog: needlepoint and let's settle
dialog: this like men!
text: He takes off jacket, starts rolling up his sleeves.
text: Gordon remains remarkably cool, continues sewing.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: As a matter of clarification, this
dialog: isn't needlepoint. This is.
text: He shows him some real needlepoint.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Right now, I'm putting the final
dialog: touches on a new invention of my
dialog: creation. I call it... The
dialog: Impermeable. It's a vest that,
dialog: when worn under the clothing, can
dialog: stop any modern bullet fired even
text: at close range.
text: West draws his gun, aims it at Gordon's stomach and cocks
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Really?
text: Gordon quickly pulls the vest away from his stomach.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: But it hasn't been really
dialog: tested empirically yet.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Get up!
text: West takes off his guns and puts them on the table.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (yawn, yawn)
dialog: Guns. I find them so primitive
dialog: and unnecessary... if one has done
dialog: one's proper planning.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Yeah? How do you feel about a
dialog: fist?
text: Gordon puts down The Impermeable, stands with a weary
dialog: sigh.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I must tell you, Mr. West, I've
dialog: always felt that allowing a
dialog: situation to degenerate into
dialog: physical violence is a failure on
dialog: my part.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Well then, 'Mr.' Gordon, you
dialog: failed.
text: Whap! West unleashes a lightning punch that drives
text: Gordon across the train car. He dabs at his bloody lip.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (2) 40
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. West, you brought
dialog: this on yourself.
text: Then to West's utter amazement, Gordon puts his hands
text: together as if praying while at the same time, crooking
text: his right leg stork-like. Is this some kind of martial
text: art? Then, he bends at the waist, and like a ballet
text: dancer, extends his leg out to the wall and flips a
dialog: switch.
text: It immediately triggers a leather hammer to swing down
text: from the ceiling. It whacks West on the side of the
text: head, and sends him spinning back onto the pool table.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POOL TABLE - WEST
text: shakes it off and is about to attack again. Gordon
text: calmly pokes a hidden button. Suddenly the pool table
text: revolves. West is gone.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I love this train!
scene_heading: 41 EXT. UNDERNEATH WANDERER - DAY 41
text: West, eyes wide, is clinging on for dear life, staring at
text: the ties racing by, inches from his face.
scene_heading: 42 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - GORDON 42
text: Gordon pours a fine Bordeaux, speaks loudly toward floor.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: The President asked for my
dialog: suggestions on how to make the
dialog: Wanderer both comfortable and
dialog: functional...
text: As he swishes the wine in his mouth...
scene_heading: 43 EXT. UNDER WANDERER - DAY (SAME TIME) 43
text: West reaches up to get a handhold in the myriad of tubes
text: and wires on the underside of the car. As he rips one
text: tube out of the undercarriage...
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 44 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 44
text: Gordon has just settled into the club chair, puts his wine
text: down on the table.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: And while you're down there,
dialog: you may want to avail yourself
dialog: of my Sub-carriage Inter-rail
dialog: Egressor...
text: Suddenly SHACKLES SNAP out of the arms of the chair,
text: pinning Gordon's wrists. Before he knows what hit him,
text: the floor opens and the club chair disappears.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. UNDER WANDERER - DAY 45
text: Gordon appears upside down in the chair, chagrined at
text: his predicament. West looks from the escape trolley
text: Gordon was talking about back to his partner.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Only one doin' any 'egressin'
dialog: is gonna be you.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Perhaps the President was right
dialog: about us putting aside our petty
dialog: differences.
dialog: (recites above the
speaker_heading: CLATTER)
dialog: 'The opposite is beneficial, from
dialog: things that differ comes the
dialog: fairest attunement.' Aristotle.
text: Suddenly they flip OUT OF FRAME and back into the car,
dialog: shocked to find themselves facing...
scene_heading: 46 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 46
text: Coleman's a scowling, grizzled old man in a coal-stained
text: suit. He's got a fire in his eye, brown spittle in the
text: corner of his mouth where a cigarette butt lives
text: permanently, and a large copper pot in his hand.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Knock each other about all ya
dialog: please, but harm my train and
dialog: I'll douse ya like dogs.
text: He threatens them with the pot of steaming liquid. Now,
text: for the first time, Gordon really looks troubled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That's my veal reduction sauce!
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Well then, let's get on about our
dialog: business, shall we, gentlemen?
dialog: Now, where to?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: New Orleans.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Shall we let Professor Morton
dialog: decide?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: 47 INT. WANDERER LAB CAR - DUSK 47
text: A severed human head is in a vise.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Meet Professor Thaddeus Morton,
dialog: expert in the field of metallurgy
dialog: ... discovered in a field of
text: alfalfa. Kidnapped from M.I.T.
dialog: six months ago.
text: West looks from the head to the open box.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's a man's head!
text: Gordon holds up a strange, circular metallic object.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: ... And this magnetic collar was
dialog: around it when his body was
dialog: discovered. Haven't figured that
dialog: one out yet...
text: But West is still staring in disbelief at the head.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's a man's head.
text: Gordon starts fiddling with a lantern positioned behind
dialog: the head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: According to the Retinal Terminus
dialog: Theory... a dying person's last
text: conscious image is burned into the
text: back of the eyeball like a
dialog: photograph. Perhaps there's a
dialog: clue there...
text: Excited, Gordon turns on the lantern attached to the back
text: of his head. Beams of light are coming through his
text: eyeballs, creating a blurry color image on the wall.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Morton's last image!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's a man's head!
text: West turns his head sideways to try to view the inverted
text: image projected on the wall. Gordon realizes the
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Ah. The refraction of the lenses
text: causes the image to appear upside
dialog: down. We simply...
text: He turns Morton's head in the vise. It's right side up,
text: but still blurry.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WALL - FUZZY IMAGE
text: appears. It's a man who has a tiny Victrola horn for an
text: ear. He's holding a bloody metal boomerang.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: It's McGrath. I was right all
dialog: along.
text: Gordon sees something in McGrath's pocket.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: He seems to have something in his
dialog: pocket... too fuzzy to read,
dialog: though...
text: Gordon drums his fingers on his great frontal lobe,
dialog: stymied.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Mortification of the aqueous humor
dialog: seems to have led to the loss
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 31.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: ... glasses.
text: West takes the bifocals out of the box, casually puts them
text: on Morton's nose. West now gestures to the wall.
scene_heading: CLOSE - IMAGE ON WALL
text: The white blur in the man's pocket is now focused. We
text: can see that it's the top of a piece of paper. He reads
text: the writing on it.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: 'Friends of the South! Come to
dialog: a Surprise Costume Ball. April
dialog: 14, eight-thirty. 346 Garden
dialog: Street... '
dialog: (lowers glasses,
dialog: looks up)
dialog: Like I said.... New Orleans.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. NEW ORLEANS TRAIN SIDING - NIGHT 48
text: We see the Wanderer parked on the siding as we hear voices
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: GORDON (V.O.)
dialog: How about this? You could come
dialog: as my man servant?
scene_heading: 49 INT. WANDERER - LAB CAR - NIGHT 49
text: Gordon has his wardrobe open. Selected from his vast
text: array of costumes and disguises is a full livery outfit.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: How about this? You could come
dialog: as my man servant.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (slave voice)
dialog: Oh yes, Massa Gordon, dats what
dialog: I'll do. And I'll jus' smile
dialog: and do as I's tole so those
dialog: people won' ever know that I
dialog: would rather shoot myself in
dialog: the head than play your god
dialog: damned man servant!
text: West is right in Gordon's face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 32.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I have a horse costume.
dialog: (then, cheery)
dialog: You could be the head.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: The only thing I need to wear is
dialog: this.
text: West straps on his holster.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Okay, if you insist on carrying a
dialog: firearm, I have something I think
dialog: you'll find intriguing...
text: Gordon displays a belt with a silver buckle. He taps the
text: buckle... a Derringer pops out. West stares, impressed.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: And it would go nicely with this...
text: Gordon takes out a sequined dress, holds the Derringer up
dialog: against it.
speaker_heading: WEST
text: Jim West does not wear a dress.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Then what's your plan?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: How 'bout this: I'll go as a
dialog: government agent who's gonna
dialog: kill McGrath.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: An armed, Negro cowboy costume,
text: how creative. In a room full of
dialog: white Southerners, you oughtta
dialog: fit right in. You might even win
dialog: first prize!
text: West starts to walk away. Gordon grabs him.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Listen to me. The art of disguise
dialog: is what's going to get us into
dialog: that party, thus allowing us to
dialog: find these kidnapped scientists
dialog: before they're forced to create
dialog: something that will destroy this
dialog: great country.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 33.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (2) 49
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you and I are the chosen ones,
dialog: Jim. We're under direct orders
dialog: from the President himself. And
dialog: our mission is clear: Save our
dialog: country. Our freedom is at stake
dialog: and this is our duty as men. Now,
dialog: you go as a riverboat captain and
dialog: I'll be a saloon girl.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Let me tell you a little something
dialog: about beloved 'art of disguise'...
dialog: That night at Fat-Can's, I knew you
dialog: weren't a woman.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: But I was propositioned by three
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon, you looked nasty. Your
dialog: breasts were all hard and stiff,
dialog: and were sticking straight out
text: like two rusty cannons on a
text: sunken ship.
text: Gordon grabs his fake breasts off the rack. He puts
dialog: them on.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: These are a work of art.
dialog: Scientifically and aesthetically
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: They look like shit.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Touch them.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I don't wanna touch 'em. I can
dialog: see I don't like 'em.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What, are you afraid you're
dialog: wrong? Touch my breasts.
text: West touches Gordon's fake breasts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 33A.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (3) 49
speaker_heading: ANGLE - COLEMAN
text: walking through the next car, carrying a tray of tea.
dialog: Gordon's last line got his attention. What the...?
text: Coleman peeks around the corner to see West eyeing
text: Gordon's "chest."
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I knew it. Well, I'll have no
dialog: part of it!
text: Coleman shakes his head and walks off.
scene_heading: ANGLE - WEST AND GORDON
text: West is thwapping Gordon's breasts.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: There, Gordon, you happy?
dialog: I'm touching your breasts.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Not so rough. The buckwheat'll
dialog: come out.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Buckwheat? That's your problem.
text: West takes one of the cow udders out of Gordon's bodice
text: and dumps the buckwheat onto the ground.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What are you doing?
text: West goes over to a wash basin, picks up a water pitcher
text: and fills the cow bladder. West squeezes the cow bladder
text: shut and holds it up to his chest.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Now, squeeze this. This is what a
dialog: breast should feel like.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - COLEMAN
text: Passing back through the next car. When he hears that
text: last line, he can't believe it. He peeks in again to
dialog: see...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 33B.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (4) 49
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Isn't that nice?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Very nice.
text: Coleman's mouth drops. He's sweating.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Now touch yourself.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You win. I'm hard.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Federal officers, bah!
text: Coleman walks off, shaking his head.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Suddenly, Gordon shoots the cuffs off his jacket. Out of
text: one sleeve comes a pen. Out the other, a small pad of
text: paper. They are both connected to a spring-loaded metal
text: gizmo up his sleeve. West reacts, drawing his pistol up
text: into Gordon's face.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I was just going to jot down a
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You know something, that's a good
dialog: place to put a gun.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: But then, where would I keep my
text: notepad.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You know, Artemus, I think you
dialog: underestimate the convenience of a
dialog: pocket.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION (NEW ORLEANS) - CARRIAGE - NIGHT 50
text: carrying some costumed swells pass through wrought-iron
text: gates guarded by some of McGrath's ex-Rebs. FOLLOW it up
text: a Spanish moss-draped drive to a huge Garden District
text: mansion. As the carriage pulls to a stop in front...
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 33C.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION - CARRIAGE - NIGHT 51
text: Jim West drops to the ground from where he'd hitched a
text: ride underneath. He rolls into the shadows of the house.
text: When he stands, he's face to face with a huge GUARD with
text: a gun.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You got about as much chance of
dialog: havin' an invitation as him.
text: He smirks at a lawn jockey. West reaches into his coat.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Matter of fact, got it right here.
text: He withdraws his hand. While the Guard squints at his
text: empty palm, West grabs his head with his other hand and
text: smacks it into the lawn jockey's fist... clang! West
text: leans the cold-cocked Guard against the house, uses his
text: shoulder as a step, boosting him up to...
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION - BALCONY - NIGHT 52
text: West grabs the ironwork underneath and acrobatically
text: swings himself over the rail. As he BREAKS the PANE on
text: the French door with his gun butt...
scene_heading: 53 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - UPSTAIRS ROOM - NIGHT 53
text: West lets himself in. Then just as he's about to part
text: the heavy drapes... he hears women's voices approaching.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (in a Spanish
dialog: accent)
dialog: Hey... get your hands off me!
text: Now Miss Lippenreider, Amazonia and Munitia (bewigged and
text: wearing costumes) wrangle a beautiful and defiant Latina
text: into the room. When she turns we recognize she's the
text: singer from Fat-Can's. Rita is in her early 20s, wearing
text: a 19th-Century camisole so scanty, it makes it hard to
text: concentrate on what she's saying.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Put me in the dungeon with all
dialog: those smelly, dirty bearded men
dialog: ... but I am not goin' in there.
speaker_heading: AMAZONIA
dialog: You applied for the position.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah, a standing up position. I'm
dialog: an entertainer, not a...
text: Amazonia grabs her by the throat, choking the word off.
speaker_heading: MISS LIPPENREIDER
dialog: Do not be selfish and stupid. He
dialog: always spoils his new girl.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Yeah. Well gimme a simple diamond
dialog: bracelet instead of that...
scene_heading: POV - THROUGH DOOR - INTO BEDROOM
text: A ramp leads to a large bed. A leather and steel
text: prosthesis is hanging from pulleys attached to the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: It is not so bad... once the metal
text: warms up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
text: Amazonia just picks her up and drags the hapless Rita
text: into the room. West emerges from behind the curtains,
text: shakes his head. Weird. He eases out the door and
dialog: into...
scene_heading: 54 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT 54
text: West hears the PARTY DIN coming from down below. He
text: goes to the balcony.
scene_heading: WEST'S POV - OVER STAIR LANDING - DOWNSTAIRS
text: The scene below is hallucinogenically surreal. A Babel
dialog: of foreign languages is the first thing that strikes us.
text: Avant garde MUSIC is coming from two 10x10 quartet boxes
text: on either side of the room to create stereo.
speaker_heading: SULTRY WOMAN (O.S.)
text: An authentic cowboy outfit...
dialog: complete with six-guns!
text: West turns to see who busted him. Coming his way is a
text: ravishing Chinese girl dressed up as a DRAGON LADY.
speaker_heading: DRAGON LADY
dialog: What a terribly clever costume,
dialog: Mr...?
speaker_heading: WEST
text: ... West. Jim West.
speaker_heading: DRAGON LADY
text: Well... West meets East. Mae Lee
dialog: East.
dialog: (holds out
dialog: delicate hand)
dialog: Are you here alone, Mr. West?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Actually I'm, uh trying to
dialog: surprise an old friend -- General
dialog: McGrath. Seen him around
dialog: anywhere?
speaker_heading: MISS EAST (DRAGON LADY)
dialog: I don't believe that name was on
dialog: our guest list. And I would know.
dialog: I'm Dr. Loveless's personal
dialog: assistant.
dialog: The name means something to West.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Dr. Arliss Loveless...? One of
dialog: the great founders of the
dialog: Confederacy with Jefferson Davis.
dialog: Funny how most people think he's
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: Tonight's his coming-out party.
text: We FOLLOW them as she takes his arm and leads him down
text: the stairs, into the party.
scene_heading: 55 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - DOWNSTAIRS - PARTY - NIGHT 55
text: West surveys the crowd.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: See anybody that looks familiar?
text: West scans the room. Stops.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Matter of fact, I do.
scene_heading: WEST'S POV - WOMAN WITH BIG HAIR
text: She's got the mole, too. Gordon has apparently encored
text: his Soiled Dove get-up.
text: Miss East sees who he's looking at. She makes a pouty
text: face as there's a flourish from the STEREO QUARTET.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: I'm... jealous.
dialog: (blows a little
dialog: kiss at him)
dialog: Meet me later... in the foyer.
text: West watches as she joins...
scene_heading: 56 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - DOWNSTAIRS - PARTY - REST OF 56
scene_heading: LOVELESS' WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Miss East leads them in a sober rendition of "The Battle
text: Hymn of the Republic" in front of a large doorway.
speaker_heading: DISTAFF CORPS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Mine eyes have seen the glory
dialog: Of the coming of the Lord...'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
text: From behind the doors we hear the WHIR of an ELEVATOR.
text: It stops with a CLUNK. Suddenly...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - DOORWAY
text: bursts open and Abraham Lincoln in a mini-float appears.
text: It's decked out like Lincoln's box at Ford's theater. On
text: its own power, it moves past the laughing party-goers in
text: the foyer. Now the women throw grapes on the floor.
speaker_heading: DISTAFF CORPS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'He has trampled down the vintage
dialog: Where the grapes of wrath are
dialog: stored!'
scene_heading: WEST'S POV - ANGLE ON WHEELS OF WHEELCHAIR
text: are what's trampling down the vintage. West takes in the
text: whole man. Very curious. Then suddenly... KABOOM!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ABE'S HEAD
text: It explodes like a pinata. Up from the hole in his neck
text: peeps... DR. ARLISS LOVELESS.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (impishly)
dialog: Don't you just hate that song?
text: The Southern crowd gasps at Loveless's dramatic appearance.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Why, y'all look like you've seen a
dialog: ghost! It's me, dear friends,
dialog: alive and kicking! Well, alive,
dialog: anyway...
text: As he giggles, the distaff corps surround him and remove
text: the Lincoln paraphernalia. Then step aside, revealing...
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - DR. LOVELESS
text: is half a man. Literally. Cut off at the waist and
text: mounted on a wheelchair platform that is powered by an
text: engine, he is a man bereft of tuchus, kishkes and
dialog: everything else in that vicinity that makes life
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: (2) 56
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: We may've lost the war, but heaven
dialog: knows... we haven't lost our sense
dialog: of humor!
text: Dr. Loveless looks down at himself, smoothes half of his
text: Fritz Lang Metropolis-style suit. His face turns dark as
text: he surveys the crowd.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Not even when we've lost a lung...
dialog: a spleen... a bladder... two
text: legs... thirty-five feet of small
dialog: intestine and our ability to
dialog: reproduce...
dialog: (like a preacher)
dialog: All in the name of the South...
dialog: (then quietly)
dialog: ... do we lose our sense of humor.
text: You can hear a pin drop. Loveless turns to the foreign
dialog: dignitaries.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: I owe a deep debt of gratitude to
dialog: my friends across the sea for
dialog: their comfort and... succor.
text: He suddenly seems distracted by the comely beauties that
text: surround him. Then abruptly, manically...
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: So...! Mi casa es su casa! Ma
dialog: maison est a vous! Let the party
dialog: begin!!!
text: Loveless signals to the quartets to resume playing. Miss
text: East leans down and whispers in his ear. Loveless looks
text: in West's direction.
text: Now Loveless wheels over to West. West isn't hiding.
text: He's cocky in the face of rolling danger.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Mr. West, how nice of you to join
dialog: us tonight... and add color to
text: these monochromatic proceedings.
text: West keeps a lid on his temper. Two can play at this
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: (3) 56
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Well, when a man comes back from
dialog: the dead, it's an occasion to
dialog: stand and be counted.
text: Loveless smiles slightly.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Miss East informs me that you were
dialog: expecting to meet General McGrath
dialog: here. I knew him years ago... but
dialog: haven't seen him in a coon's age.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I bet a man like yourself would
dialog: find it difficult to keep in touch
dialog: with even half the people you
dialog: know.
text: Danger flickers in Loveless's eyes. He looks to Miss
dialog: East.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Perhaps the lovely Miss East will
dialog: keep you from being a slave to
dialog: your disappointment.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Well, you know beautiful women...
dialog: they encourage you one second, cut
dialog: the legs out from under you the
dialog: next.
text: Loveless's face drops. He is no longer amused. Miss
text: East winks at West, then accompanies Loveless in the
dialog: direction of the study where...
scene_heading: 57 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - OUTSIDE STUDY - NIGHT 57
text: General McGrath waits impatiently. He takes two
text: champagnes off a passing tray, guzzles them, then
text: wipes his mouth on Dolly Madison's bustle. As his
text: eyes sweep the room...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - WEST
text: He ducks behind a mountain man carrying the French
text: tricolor. When Loveless and General McGrath disappear
text: into the study and close the door, West eases after
text: them. He pauses as he passes the "Soiled Dove," leans
text: into her big bouffant. He regards a stained-glass window
text: patterned with a spider over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Hey, honey... I see a big ole
dialog: spider up on the wall. Hope it
dialog: doesn't drop down your pretty
dialog: dress.
text: As the Soiled Dove jumps a little, West continues over to
text: the study door. Now the Soiled Dove turns, and we see
text: the scared/confused expression. Maybe it's because she
dialog: is not Artemus.
scene_heading: ANGLE - GORDON - ACROSS ROOM
dialog: He's the mountain man in the fringe jacket. And right
text: now he's shaking his head as he watches West resort to a
text: decidedly low-tech surveillance method of Loveless's
dialog: study.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: Peeking through the keyhole...?
dialog: So 18th Century.
scene_heading: 58 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - STUDY - WEST'S POV THROUGH 58
scene_heading: KEYHOLE - NIGHT
text: McGrath paces in front of Loveless's desk.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Dr. Loveless, my men are ready to
dialog: go to war with no weapons to
dialog: fight. Ever since the nitro and
dialog: the guns were destroyed at Fat-
dialog: Can's, lice and demoralization
dialog: have set in!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Your men will have their weapons
dialog: tonight. And my promise that they
dialog: will be part of the greatest
dialog: military victory of this century!
text: McGrath's face relaxes into a pyorrheic grin.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Oh, you're a pip, sir! I'd follow
dialog: you into the maw of Cerberus
dialog: himself!
text: Loveless takes pencil in hand and draws a map on the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: And so you shall.
dialog: (makes an X)
dialog: Have your men here at... 10
dialog: o'clock tonight.
text: Loveless wheels his chair toward the door with McGrath
text: behind him folding up the map...
scene_heading: 59 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - OUTSIDE STUDY - WEST - NIGHT 59
text: ducks out of the way as Loveless and McGrath emerge from
text: the study. As they disappear into the throng of well-
text: wishers, West takes a thin lock-pick out of his hat band.
text: It takes him a moment or two, but the LOCK finally
text: CLICKS. Then West slips inside, apparently undetected --
text: except by an unimpressed Gordon.
scene_heading: 60 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - STUDY - WEST - NIGHT 60
text: moves quickly to the desk past walls filled with oil
text: portraits of various Loveless relatives. The one behind
text: the desk is in the style of Gainsborough. A Loveless
text: uncle is standing on a windswept grouse moor, two English
text: setters by his side, a Holland and Holland double held in
text: the crook of his arm.
text: West turns his attention to the desk blotter. There's a
text: faint imprint where Loveless drew the map. West takes
text: his penknife and a pencil -- grates some graphite into
text: the depressions. He's just about to do a rubbing on a
text: piece of paper when... someone swipes it out of his hand.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MISS EAST
text: Hands on hips, she gives him a "naughty, naughty" look.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: I said to meet me in the foyer.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Oh, the foy-aay. Sorry, I've
dialog: never been much good at French.
text: But instead of scolding him further, Miss East plants an
text: over-heated kiss on him. Tongues are involved. As they
text: break, she gives a little nod of approval.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: Au contraire...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
text: She pushes him down into Dr. Loveless's chair.
speaker_heading: MISS EAST
dialog: So let's see, Mr. West... are you
dialog: a dangerous spy of some sort? Or
dialog: just a handsome cowboy who likes
text: to... poke around.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Um... that second one.
text: She starts to undo the buttons of his trousers. But
dialog: West has a job to do. Well, maybe he can do two jobs at
dialog: once...
scene_heading: 61 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - PARTY - GORDON - SAME TIME - 61
speaker_heading: NIGHT
dialog: is being the perfect party guest, moving through the
dialog: crowd chit-chatting with this person and that (in
text: French, Spanish, German) when he sees something of
dialog: interest.
text: Munitia and Lippenreider come out of an upstairs bedroom,
text: lock it behind them. Hmmm. What's in there? As he
text: starts upstairs, Amazonia appears, blocking his way.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Howdy there... big sturdy gal.
dialog: Yer dance card full?
text: Amazonia stares at him, then spiels off a couple lines
text: in a foreign language that makes Gordon's eyes widen.
text: He understands what she said and it's not flattering.
text: Gordon moves off in a shock.
scene_heading: 62 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - STUDY - WEST AND EAST - NIGHT 62
text: are locked in a passionate embrace. West manages to
text: position her nearly-naked rear end over the graphite
text: powder. Very carefully, he stands, pushing her buttocks
text: onto the desk and then rolling her off. The imprint on
text: her left cheek is perfect. But unfortunately, it's
dialog: backwards!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - WEST
text: Damn. He lets Miss East concentrate on what she's doing,
text: which from the SOUNDS O.S., doesn't appear to be a
dialog: demonstration of the correct way to butter corn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED: 62
text: West spies a mirror on the other side of the room and
text: raises her ass up into position so he can see the
dialog: corrected reflection.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MIRROR - MAP
text: COMES INTO VIEW. It clearly shows the meeting place to
dialog: be Malheureux Point, northeast of New Orleans. But the
text: mirror reflects something else of interest...
scene_heading: 63 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - STUDY - PAINTING - NIGHT 63
text: The painting behind him has come to life. The Loveless
text: in the painting swings a real shotgun around and is
text: pointing it at the back of West's head.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - WEST
text: suddenly contorts his upper torso just as an EXPLOSION
text: rips the back of the chair where his head would have
dialog: been.
text: He draws and SHOOTS the would-be assassin, who falls out
text: of the painting, dead. West turns to see...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MISS EAST
text: A surprised look on her face. A hole in her forehead.
text: He lowers her head gently to the ground, regards her
text: map-imprinted rear end.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Thanks for helpin' me get to the
dialog: bottom of this case.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION - OUTSIDE STUDY - WEST - NIGHT 64
text: emerges just as a Kentucky reel starts up. He weaves his
text: way through the dance floor and spots the Soiled Dove
text: look-alike out on the floor. West reluctantly
text: straightens his shoulders and cuts in. This bold move
text: gets some looks of disapproval from the pecan pie crowd.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WEST AND SOILED DOVE RINGER
text: dancing. Both look straight ahead, not at each other.
text: West so as not to attract any more attention. His partner
dialog: because she's scared shitless of this strange Negro who
text: keeps hounding her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Real impressed the way you got the
text: dance floor staked out. Maybe one
dialog: of your missin' scientists'll cut
dialog: in.
dialog: (dip)
dialog: Thought you should know that while
dialog: you were trying to decide what
dialog: shoes to wear tonight...
dialog: (twirl)
dialog: I found that our host, Dr.
dialog: Loveless...
text: West looks over to where Loveless is leading a contingent
text: of foreigners out a side exit.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: ... is meeting McGrath and his
text: troops at Malheureux Point in an
dialog: hour.
dialog: (bends her back)
dialog: So you enjoy the party. I'm gonna
dialog: go save the Republic.
text: The Soiled Dove look-alike is speechless. Before he
text: goes, West leans in, smirks.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: But I will say, good work on your
dialog: bladders tonight... they're damn
dialog: perky.
text: And just to dig the grave deeper, West lays hands on them
text: and gives them a little squeeze. This immediately
text: elicits a scream and a slap in the face that shocks the
text: bejesus out of the black cowboy. And he's not the only
dialog: one.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CROWD
text: staring at him. We know what they're thinking, but the
text: Mountain Man behind West says it for everyone.
scene_heading: GORDON/MOUNTAIN MAN
dialog: Hang him!
text: And with that, Gordon opens his deerskin jacket to reveal
text: his own rope, which he throws to the mob. West looks
text: back at the character in amazement. That's Gordon?!
text: Before West can say or do anything, guns are at his
text: temple, and he's swept out of the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 45.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: (2) 64
text: Gordon calmly straightens his coonskin cap, seemingly
text: uninterested in West's imminent hanging. In the hubbub
text: of everyone rushing out for the hanging, Gordon heads up
text: the unguarded stairs to the locked room.
text: As he pulls out his high tech auto-wind lock-pick and
text: quickly gains entrance to the door...
scene_heading: 65 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION - COURTYARD - NIGHT 65
text: Hand-held torches illuminate. The rope is tossed over a
text: lamp post. PAN DOWN TO where one of the mob, dressed as
text: GEORGE WASHINGTON, is binding West's hands behind his
dialog: back.
scene_heading: GEORGE WASHINGTON
dialog: Looks like we're gonna have to
dialog: teach y'all a little lesson on how
dialog: to behave in polite society.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Don't grab a white lady's boobies
dialog: at the big redneck dance. Is that
dialog: the lesson? Well, I learned it.
dialog: Don't scratch your head with the
dialog: shrimp fork. I got that one too.
dialog: So whaddaya say we call this off?
scene_heading: 66 INT. LOVELESS MANSION - UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - GORDON - 66
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: eases in, stops at what he sees. And it sure ain't
text: scientists. Beside the bed, locked in an iron disco-like
text: cage, is Rita, still wearing her scanty outfit. Gordon
text: squints at her, gives a charming smile.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I feel as if we know each other
dialog: from someplace...?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Try again, buster...!
text: She takes a breath as if she's going to start screaming.
text: Gordon quickly holds up a hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 46.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Ma'am, please! While I realize I
dialog: look like something straight out
dialog: of James Fenimore Cooper... I mean
dialog: you no harm. My name is Artemus
dialog: Gordon. And you look like you're
dialog: in trouble.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Really?
text: To Rita's amazement, Gordon opens his jacket and
text: unbuttons his vest to reveal... a complete miniature tool
text: shop. Quickly he pulls out a thin cable and attaches it
text: to a tiny wheel on the spur of one of his boots.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I'm Rita. I was hired here as an
dialog: entertainer. Not that I'm
dialog: complaining, but what are you
dialog: doin' in here?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (looking up miles
dialog: of leg)
dialog: Looking for some missing
dialog: scientists... not that I'm
dialog: complaining.
text: Gordon unsnaps the sole of his shoe. It becomes a pedal
text: that operates the wheels' rotation. Now he removes a bit
text: and handle from his vest and attaches the cable. Starts
text: to pump his foot. It's a foot-powered drill.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'm a special U.S. Marshal on
dialog: assignment from the President.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (almost impressed)
dialog: If you're so special, how come
dialog: you're lookin' up here when
dialog: Loveless has 'em all workin' down
dialog: in the dungeon?
dialog: (rattles bars
dialog: impatiently)
dialog: Get me out of here and I'll take
dialog: you down there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 47.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: (2) 66
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Too late. The 'dungeon' is
dialog: cleaned out. It was the first
dialog: place I checked, right after I
text: sampled the gumbo. Bit heavy on
dialog: the okra.
text: But Rita isn't listening to the food review. Her mind's
text: racing. Finally, the LOCK CLICKS and the cage door
text: swings open. Gordon takes the distressed damsel in his
text: arms, lifts her out.
speaker_heading: RITA
text: (suddenly a coquettish
dialog: smile)
dialog: Thank you... Artemus, was it?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: One doesn't forget a smile like
dialog: that. Now where in the world was
dialog: it...? Have you ever played the
dialog: Empire Room... the Bijou Cafe
dialog: perhaps...?
scene_heading: 67 EXT. LOVELESS MANSION - COURTYARD - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 67
text: West is lifted onto the back of a wagon. With the noose
text: dangling in front of his nose, West addresses the crowd.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Can I have everyone's attention
dialog: please. I think we've had a
dialog: series of major misunderstandings
dialog: and I'd like to take a moment to
dialog: clear them up. First, the whole
text: drumming on the boobies thing.
dialog: In my native land, Africa, my
dialog: ancestors used drums to
dialog: communicate between villages. I'm
dialog: sure y'all can see that this young
dialog: girl here can communicate all the
dialog: way down to Baton Rouge. Hell, on
dialog: a clear day, we might even get
dialog: Galveston. All I was saying was,
dialog: 'How're you doing,' 'My name's Jim,'
dialog: 'How's your mama?'
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 47A.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (A1) 67
speaker_heading: WEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Second misunderstanding. That
dialog: redneck comment. I'm getting the
dialog: sense that some of you took that
dialog: negatively. You know, some of my
text: best friends are whiskey-guzzling,
text: pot-bellied rednecks just like
dialog: y'all here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: That slavery thing, I don't see
dialog: what the big deal was. Hell, who
dialog: wouldn't want somebody to run
dialog: around for them doing chores. Are
dialog: you going to get your big, fat,
dialog: lazy ass out of bed every morning
dialog: and pick your own damn cotton.
dialog: I don't think so.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let's head on inside and knock back
dialog: some shine. Come on, back inside.
dialog: No. Okay.
dialog: (to Soiled Dove)
dialog: I stand before you as a man who
dialog: realizes he has done something
dialog: wrong and I am prepared to do the
dialog: right thing. Will you marry me?
text: Soiled Dove gasps.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I'll take that as a no. Darling,
dialog: would it help at all if I said I
dialog: thought you were a man?
text: The CAMERA FINDS the Soiled Dove. She faints.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Guess not.
text: As West searches desperately for signs of rescue by his
text: "partner," suddenly the wagon lurches forward...
scene_heading: GEORGE WASHINGTON
dialog: Hang him!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - WEST'S FEET
text: As they plummet toward the ground.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - WEST'S NECK
text: The rope catches... and stretches!
scene_heading: CLOSE - WEST'S FEET
text: As they slowly touch the ground.
text: Nobody is more confused than West.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CROWD
dialog: How the fuck did that happen? But before anybody can
dialog: figure out Gordon's trick rope, speak of the devil...
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: Hey-yaa!!!
text: The crowd turns with alarm to see...
text: ANGLE ON TEAM OF CHARGING HORSES
text: Nostrils flared and wild-eyed, are having their rumps
text: snapped by Gordon's reins. Rita holds on for dear life
text: as the mad Mountain Man drives the carriage at full speed
text: right into the crowd -- scattering them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON WEST
text: He sees his opportunity for rescue, puts a foot into the
text: back of George Washington, grabs his gun, and somersaults
dialog: into the air...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GORDON AND CARRIAGE - WEST
text: lands squarely in the back. And just as the rope starts
text: to stretch around his neck again, Gordon whirls around
text: with a Bowie knife and cuts it.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. NEW ORLEANS STREET NEAR MANSION - MOVING WAGON - 68
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: West leans into Gordon's ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 49.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Hang 'm...!
text: Suddenly, there's a VOLLEY of SHOTS from some cracker
text: sharpshooters. West responds with an amazing display of
text: RAPID-FIRE marksmanship, picking off half a dozen of
text: Loveless's shooters, even while the carriage bumps wildly
text: on its getaway. BLAMBLAMBLAMBLAM!!!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (still pissed,
dialog: to Gordon)
dialog: Hang'm!?!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (to Rita)
dialog: Meet my trigger-happy partner,
text: James West... who doesn't seem to
dialog: realize that my carefully planned
dialog: diversion gave me the opportunity
dialog: to search for the missing
dialog: scientists.
text: Now West notices the half-dressed bombshell in the
dialog: carriage.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Scientist, huh.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: This is Rita. I found her locked
text: in a cage in Loveless's bedroom.
dialog: She's an entertainer.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Um, maybe I haven't been quite
dialog: honest about that... My name is
dialog: Rita Escobar. I came to find
dialog: Guillermo Escobar, the scientist,
dialog: my... father.
text: Gordon's eyes pop.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Professor Escobar?! He was the
dialog: one I almost rescued that night
dialog: when...
dialog: (lightbulb)
dialog: That's where I know you from!
dialog: Fat-Can Candy's... you sang before
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 50.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: (2) 68
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That was me. Burgundy dress with
dialog: the bustle...
text: Gordon starts singing the song... West rolls his eyes,
text: cuts off the chit-chat.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Look, Rita, I'm sorry you had the
dialog: wrong agent working on your case.
dialog: When I find your father I promise
dialog: I'll send him back safely...
text: And with that... West suddenly leaps over Rita -- lands
text: on the back of one of the horses. He grabs a handful of
text: mane, leans over and unclips the harness. And with a
text: kick in the ribs, West is off at a gallop -- leaving
text: Gordon, one remaining horse and an awed Rita behind to
text: chew his dust.
speaker_heading: RITA
text: He's impulsive, James.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. OFFSHORE - LOVELESS BOAT - NIGHT 69
text: Dr. Loveless and his visiting foreign dignitaries are
text: sipping champagne. One of them is holding a little DOG
text: in his arms, BARKING at something in the dark. General
text: McGrath stands at the railing, uncharacteristically
text: pensive. Loveless rolls over, hands him a glass of
dialog: champagne.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, General, it's been a long
dialog: journey from New Liberty.
text: McGrath visibly winces at the sound of it.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Sir, there isn't a day that passes
dialog: that I don't contemplate it.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Yes, and so do I. So do I.
dialog: (reflexively reaches
dialog: for missing legs)
dialog: If I'd only had the scientific
dialog: understanding of gunpowder and
dialog: primers that I have today...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: That's not what I meant.
text: Loveless looks at him, puzzled, then gets it.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Oh, you mean the stomach-churning
dialog: carnage that earned you your
dialog: unfortunate nom de guerre...
text: Loveless speaks for the benefit of the others.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: What was that nickname again?
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: 'Bloodbath' McGrath... the Butcher
dialog: of New Liberty.'
scene_heading: 70 EXT. MALHEUREUX POINT - MARSH - NIGHT 70
text: A reb battalion waits in a foggy meadow that slopes down
dialog: to marsh. Beyond that is the Gulf of Mexico. We
text: recognize one of the REBS from the cathouse. He opens
text: his pocket watch.
speaker_heading: REB #1
dialog: They oughta be here by now.
speaker_heading: REB #2
dialog: Maybe we're in the wrong place.
speaker_heading: REB #1
dialog: (rechecks map)
dialog: No, we're supposed to wait 'xactly
dialog: on this here spot.
text: Suddenly they hear a CLANKING and SCREECHING coming from
text: the marsh. They ready their arms and get in defensive
text: positions. What they can't see through the fog is...
scene_heading: ANGLE - MARSH - ARMORED TANK
text: amphibiously sludges up through the mud and reeds,
text: passing by the dumbstruck soldiers as it heads to the
text: center of the field. The contraption has a large cannon
text: and Gatling guns bristling from several ports. The Rebs
dialog: cheer their new weapon.
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 7/1/98 52.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. MALHEUREUX POINT - BATTLEFIELD - NIGHT 71
text: Now a MORTAR appears through the turret and FIRES a
text: ROCKET that EXPLODES over the Reb soldiers, illuminating
text: the field. As soldiers shield their eyes from the
text: blinding light...
scene_heading: ANGLE - AERIAL SHOT - LOOKING DOWN ON FIELD
text: Unbeknownst to the Rebs, Loveless has mowed and stained
text: the field with concentric lines to give it a giant dart
dialog: board appearance.
text: Suddenly the TANK TURRET OPENS FIRE on them. Once over
text: their initial shock, the Rebs FIRE BACK with their
text: Springfield RIFLES. But the BULLETS PING off the tank's
text: impenetrable skin like goober peas.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. OFFSHORE - LOVELESS BOAT - NIGHT 72
text: Lippenreider is viewing the carnage through large
text: binoculars on a stand.
text: General McGrath turns from the rail and faces Loveless,
dialog: outraged.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Why you sawed-off sadistic
dialog: bastard! You've betrayed us!
text: Loveless turns to him, cocks his head.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: My dear General, after donating
dialog: half my physical being creating a
dialog: weapon capable of doing this...
dialog: how did you and General Lee repay
dialog: my loyalty? You surrendered at
dialog: Appomattox! So, who betrayed whom?
text: Loveless turns to Munitia holding a steno pad.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Munitia, make note. Turret speed
dialog: needs to be accelerated!
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: (to Amazonia)
dialog: Change gear ratio from 2.2 to 2.8!
text: Amazonia pushes a sick dignitary away from the rail so
text: she can get a sight line to the tank with her lantern
text: semaphore. She begins flashing the new gear ratio.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: AMAZONIA
dialog: A bucket for the minister, please!
text: Now in the b.g., we hear the GATLINGS OPEN UP.
text: Lippenreider is reading the lips of the tank's victims.
speaker_heading: LIPPENREIDER
dialog: Scream. Scream. My head. I'm
text: dying. Scream. Moan. Scream.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Loveless, I demand you give the
dialog: order to stop this slaughter now!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (ignores him)
dialog: ... We're going to need more
dialog: loading drills! I'm hearing too
text: much time between screams.
text: As Munitia scribbles dutifully, McGrath shoves her aside.
text: He pulls his pistol.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: For the last time, give them the
dialog: order to desist!
text: Loveless, his back to him, is seemingly unconcerned at
text: having a gun barrel pressed against his skull.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: General, I understand your
dialog: distress. But believe me, those
text: men are not dying senselessly. It
dialog: is for a far greater cause than
dialog: you can imagine.
text: As Loveless's right index finger finds a black button on
text: the arm of his wheelchair...
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - LOVELESS'S WHEELCHAIR ARM
text: The steel tubes that comprise the armrests are actually
text: shotgun barrels facing fore and aft. McGrath's finger
text: tightens on the trigger.
speaker_heading: WIDER
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: Go straight to hell, sir!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 54.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: After you... sir.
text: BOOOM!!! McGrath has a very startled expression as he
text: looks down at the aftereffects of DOUBLE-OUGHT BUCKSHOT.
text: As he crumples to the deck, Loveless sniffs.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Bloodbath McGrath indeed.
text: The dignitary's DOG starts BARKING, jumps to the deck.
text: It sits next to the fallen General's gramophone ear and
text: cocks his head. With the RCA logo invented we MOVE BACK
dialog: TO...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LOVELESS
text: He sighs at his pale guests. They don't seem to
dialog: appreciate the efficiency of his slaughter.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, that concludes the
dialog: festivities. Ladies, feed him to
dialog: the crabs.
text: Munitia and Amazonia unceremoniously dump McGrath's BODY
text: overboard. SPLOOSH... Loveless addresses the
dialog: dignitaries...
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: But, my friends, that tank is just
dialog: a little ol' toy compared to what
dialog: this country's greatest scientists
dialog: are cooking up for me next. So if
dialog: I've piqued your interest, bring
dialog: 1000 kilograms of your country's
dialog: gold to Spider Canyon four days
dialog: from now.
dialog: (starts to roll
dialog: off boat)
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I've got
text: a tank to catch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 73 EXT. TRAIN SIDING (NEAR MALHEUREUX POINT) - NIGHT 73
text: A black waits ominously on the tracks. It's less a
text: traditional train car than a riveted, armored, turreted fortress
text: on wheels. Also, it currently lacks an engine.
text: Loveless, over his shoulder to the foreign contingent...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: My destination is both the
dialog: future... and the past! Forget
dialog: Paul Revere, this will be the most
dialog: revolutionary ride in the history
dialog: of America!!
text: He looks dotingly at the TANK, which CLATTERS up from the
text: battlefield on its treads... then drives onto the tracks.
text: Wheels drop down out of the chassis, the treads retract
text: up, and the TANK BACKS INTO the rest of the TRAIN.
text: CLANK. It's a neat modular fit. Black death on rails.
text: The foreigners watch with awe as...
scene_heading: ANGLE - LOVELESS
text: wheels up onto the tank/train. He drops the
text: expansiveness, fixes them with a viper's eye.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: If you don't want to miss the
dialog: ride, have the last payment of
dialog: 1000 kilograms of your country's
dialog: gold in my hands no later than
dialog: Friday. That's when I make our
dialog: little proposal to President
dialog: Grant. One I'm ever so confident
dialog: he's gonna accept.
text: (now a jaunty wave
dialog: of his hat)
dialog: Au revoir, adios, and ta-ta!
scene_heading: 74 EXT. MALHEUREUX POINT - BATTLEFIELD - STRAIGHT-DOWN 74
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NIGHT
text: It's quiet. The dead men are all in the #9 or #10 ring.
text: Now a rider ENTERS FRAME...
scene_heading: 75 EXT. MALHEUREUX POINT - BATTLEFIELD - NIGHT 75
text: West slowly dismounts, transfixed by the slaughter on the
text: pre-fab battlefield. There's something hauntingly familiar
dialog: about all this for him -- the mangled bodies, the tread marks...
dialog: But we'll find out about that later.
text: West draws his weapon and begins walking through the
text: victims. The pace of his search quickens when he isn't
dialog: finding what he's looking for -- General McGrath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - GORDON AND RITA
text: have arrived in the one-horse carriage. Gordon is trying
text: to recreate the crime scene. Rita trails behind him, his
text: coat thrown over her shoulders, trying not to gag as she
text: passes the mangled corpses.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: It came up out of the lake...
dialog: from the way these corpses are
text: positioned, laid down a 360-degree
dialog: pattern of cannon fire... then
dialog: disappeared in moments.
text: (puts a foot on a body,
dialog: scratches his chin)
dialog: My God, what kind of weapon is it?
text: Rita can't handle Gordon's clinical posturing.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Excuse me, I think I'm going to be
dialog: sick.
text: As she walks quickly away, West comes over, a haunted
text: look on his face.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: It just rolls on and on. Makes a
text: screeching sound -- like a wounded
dialog: animal. Got a 'cabin' on top with
text: a cannon... swivels 'round like an
text: eagle's head.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You saw it?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Heard about it. Thought it was
dialog: crazy survivors' stories.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What survivors? There aren't any
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: New Liberty, Illinois -- the free
text: slave town just over the border.
dialog: Just one week before the War ended
dialog: in '65. I was in the 9th Cavalry
dialog: that discovered it. Old men,
dialog: women, children... they used them
dialog: for target practice...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 57.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (2) 75
text: He looks out at the battlefield as if reliving it.
text: Gordon is sympathetic to his obvious pain -- just shuts
text: up. West's grim reverie is interrupted by MOANING coming
text: from the shoreline. They all follow the sound to find...
scene_heading: 76 EXT. MALHEUREUX POINT - MARSH - NIGHT 76
text: General McGrath, washed up on the shore. West looks down
text: at him. Now Rita, still looking green around the gills,
text: rejoins the party.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's when I vowed to follow
text: McGrath to the end of the earth.
text: As grey as four-day-old mullet, McGrath manages a smile
text: for his relentless pursuer.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: What's the matter, West? Thought
dialog: you'd be happy to find me... like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I was hoping to kill you myself.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: That's a nice way to talk to
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: You'll have to live with it... As
dialog: I've lived with the blame for New
dialog: Liberty.
text: McGrath fades out. West grabs him and shakes him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: McGRATH
dialog: (opens eyes)
dialog: It was Loveless... his plan. He
dialog: operated the killing machine
dialog: there. Smarter now... left it to
dialog: others here.
text: With the meaning of it all sinking in, West grabs McGrath
text: by the collar and pulls him toward him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Where is he? Where did he go?!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 58.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
text: The General tries to speak. West puts his ear to the
text: General's mouth. But before he can say it, McGrath
text: closes his eyes for the last time.
text: West's shoulders sag. Then from behind...
speaker_heading: RITA (O.S.)
dialog: Well, I know that.
dialog: West turns to her... well?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I'll tell you if you take me
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (in no mood)
dialog: Just tell me.
speaker_heading: RITA
text: The girls at the mansion. They
dialog: talk.
dialog: (imitating a la
dialog: Lippenreider)
dialog: 'I vonder if my hair vill get
dialog: frissy in ze desert...? Vhere is
dialog: diss Ooo-tah anyvay?'
text: As West and Gordon turn to one another in alarm...
speaker_heading: WEST/GORDON
dialog: Ooo-tah?!
scene_heading: 77 EXT. TRAIN SIDING (NEW ORLEANS) - NIGHT 77
text: West and Gordon climb up onto the Wanderer and enter...
scene_heading: 78 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - ENGINE STOPPED - NIGHT 78
text: West and Gordon burst in, surprising Coleman, who's got
text: his feet up, perusing the Playboy of the day -- a mail
dialog: order catalogue.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Coleman... let's go! Full speed
dialog: ahead!
text: West snatches the catalogue out of his hands, does a take
text: at the pictures of chunky models in bloomers.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Aye, sir!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
text: As Coleman quickly exits, Gordon looks out the window,
text: onto the platform.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: I don't see why we couldn't have
dialog: given her a ride back home to
dialog: Texas. It is on the way...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: On the way to Utah where our
dialog: President happens to be. Maybe we
dialog: oughta be worryin' about that
dialog: little coincidence!
text: As the ENGINE ROARS to life...
scene_heading: 79 EXT. TRAIN SIDING (NEW ORLEANS) - POV SHOT FROM 79
scene_heading: WANDERER - NIGHT
text: Rita gives a forlorn little wave as the TRAIN CHUGS away.
scene_heading: 80 INT. WANDERER - ENGINE CAR - NIGHT 80
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We wouldn't have known where
dialog: Loveless was going if it wasn't
text: for her. Seems a bit ungracious.
text: Possibly perilous.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Look, all that would happen would
dialog: be she'd get in our way and I'd
dialog: probably wind up gettin' in the
text: saddle with her.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Funny that you say that. Because
dialog: I thought she was more interested
dialog: in me.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. TRAIN SIDING (NEW ORLEANS) - NIGHT 81
text: Rita disappears from view in a cloud of steam...
scene_heading: 82 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - NIGHT 82
text: West has every weapon on the train out for cleaning and
text: loading. Gordon is in the galley where he continues
text: his conversation with West while preparing dinner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 60.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: (from gallery)
dialog: You know, I've been trying to
dialog: place myself in Loveless's
dialog: shoes...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Good luck on that one.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha... You know, I can't
dialog: imagine what Loveless -- a man
dialog: without any reproductive organs
dialog: could possibly want with Rita.
text: Suddenly there's a WHOOSH and Rita falls through the
text: ceiling and plops in the chair just like West did
text: earlier. He instinctively pulls his gun. Puts it
text: away as Gordon muses about her anatomy.
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: (not realizing she's
dialog: there)
dialog: Not that Rita doesn't have a
dialog: figure that would inspire a
dialog: Botticelli... or a Raphael.
text: Rita raises an eyebrow, looks to the galley as Gordon
text: comes out with a platter of food. He still doesn't
dialog: see her there.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: ... especially her breasts. Did
dialog: you notice the way one of them...
dialog: (cups his hands)
dialog: Both of them actually... to say
dialog: nothing of her buttocks...
text: Gordon turns and looks into the car. Finally sees her.
text: Changes gears without missing a beat.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: ... and the group of foreign
text: ministers at Loveless's party...
dialog: What were they doing there?
text: Gordon gestures for West to join him at the pool table.
text: Rita immediately goes for the food.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (using pool balls)
dialog: Here's France, Spain and
dialog: Britain...
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: How long has she been here?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Since the first breast.
text: Gordon turns to her, exasperated with himself.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I am so embarrassed.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I'll spare you.
dialog: (to Rita)
dialog: Make yourself a sandwich to take
dialog: with you. You're getting off.
speaker_heading: 83 OMITTED 83
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 84 84
scene_heading: 85 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - NIGHT 85
text: Rita hasn't even waited for anyone's approval to start
text: eating. West shakes his head at her chutzpa.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: But... I can help you.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: How could you possibly help us?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Well, I heard you talking about
dialog: why all those foreign guys were
dialog: at Loveless's party...? You
dialog: want me to tell you?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: By all means.
text: She uses the time to get another bite into her mouth.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (to Gordon, chewing)
dialog: This is fantastic. You can cut it
dialog: with a fork! How'd you cook it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (someone appreciates
dialog: him)
text: Well, in a daubiere... a clay pot.
dialog: A French method which...
text: West cuts off the chit-chat.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What about the foreign guys?!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: They were mad about something,
dialog: you know? Something about a
dialog: real bad deal in Louisiana on
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: The Louisiana Purchase?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And Queen somebody-somebody of
dialog: France got swindled.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Queen Isabella of Spain.
text: West rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon, this is crazy. She
dialog: doesn't know what she's talking
dialog: about!
text: West picks up the speaker horn and calls Coleman.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (into speaker horn)
dialog: Coleman, stop the train! Miss
text: Escobar's getting off.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over pipe)
dialog: Who the hell's Miss Escobar?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (grabs horn)
dialog: I'm a frightened, starving, half-
dialog: naked young woman who only wants
dialog: to find her father!
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over pipe)
dialog: Half-naked?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (2) 85
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (grabs it back)
text: Coleman... stop the train.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over pipe)
dialog: We're not puttin' anybody off.
dialog: Not out here in the middle of
dialog: nowhere.
text: West looks out the window. Nothing but sagebrush and
text: animal skulls out there. Rita comes up close to Jim,
text: fire in her big, brown eyes.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Please, Jim. My father's the only
dialog: family I've got. What am I
dialog: supposed to do? Sit home and wait
dialog: for news he's been killed? Or go
dialog: do something! What would you do,
dialog: Jim?!
text: That gets the man of action where he lives.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Look, I got nothing against you,
dialog: Rita. It's just that... What's
dialog: going to happen when we catch up
dialog: to Loveless... with you on the
dialog: train?
text: She grabs West's hand.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I know you'd never let him take me
dialog: back. I've seen you shoot.
dialog: West kinda melts a little. This girl does have her
text: charms. Gordon, a little jealous, puffs his chest out.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I assure you, Rita, an attack by
dialog: Loveless would be an exercise in
dialog: futility.
dialog: (stands for tour)
dialog: ... Allow me to demonstrate how my
dialog: design suggestions have made the
text: Wanderer impervious to attack.
text: West draws his guns, twirls them and reholsters.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I'm the impervious part.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (3) 85
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Hardly. Completely armor-
dialog: plated...
text: Artemus raps his knuckles on the wall making a METALLIC
text: sound. Then he smugly demonstrates that the light
text: fixture is actually a Gatling gun.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: An attacker would find the
text: lighting inside extremely...
text: unflattering.
text: Finally he moves to the billiard table, while Rita nods
text: ... and keeps eating.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: And if, by some inconceivable
dialog: fluke, they did manage to gain
dialog: entrance...
dialog: (rolls billiard ball
dialog: into bumper)
text: An innocent billiard ball this
dialog: way.
dialog: (picks it up,
dialog: presses the number)
dialog: But depress the number... a
dialog: sleeping gas bomb. Effective in
text: under three seconds.
text: Gordon unclicks it, triumphantly rolls it into a pocket.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: So rest assured, Rita... you are
dialog: completely safe within these
dialog: walls.
text: West snorts at his obvious play for Rita's attentions.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I don't know about you, ma'am, but
dialog: I know I'll be sleeping a whole
dialog: lot better tonight...
dialog: (yawns)
text: ... assuming Loveless barges in
dialog: here and feels like a game of
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Speaking of sleeping, I'm pretty
dialog: tired. Artemus, do you think I
dialog: could borrow something to wear?
text: West jumps in before Gordon can answer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 65.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: (4) 85
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I've got somethin' you might use.
dialog: It ain't stylish, but it's
dialog: practical...
scene_heading: 86 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - NIGHT 86
text: West and Gordon have bunked down on opposite couches,
text: both deep in thought.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Loveless kidnapped two chemists,
dialog: that means there's gonna be
dialog: explosives. He's got a metallurgist,
dialog: so there's gonna be heavy armor.
dialog: And he's got Rita's father, who --
dialog: according to you -- is the world's
dialog: foremost specialist in hydraulics.
dialog: Which means, whatever it is... it's
dialog: gonna move.
text: West sits up.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: So what, is he building that's
dialog: gonna make the President fall to
dialog: his knees and surrender the country?
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: A bedside heater.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: Rita. She needs a bedside heater.
dialog: I mean, it gets cold in there, you
text: know, with the stained glass window
dialog: right over the --
speaker_heading: ANGLE - COLEMAN
text: opens and Rita emerges from the state room...
scene_heading: (INSERT RITA'S BUTT HERE)
dialog: Rita leaves...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Such a pleasant girl. A real
text: breath of fresh ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 66.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You said ass.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Did I? No...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 87 OMITTED 87
scene_heading: 88 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 88
text: Gordon and West react as Coleman's voice booms out of
dialog: the pipe.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (over pipe)
dialog: We have Loveless, gentlemen!
dialog: Seven hundred yards and closing!
text: As they scramble for boots, weapons, Rita comes out of her
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: What's going on?
text: Gordon ushers her to the back.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Stay back here, take cover!
text: Meanwhile, West pulls on his boot. When he stands on it,
text: a three-inch STILETTO SNAPS out of the toe.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I took the liberty of installing
dialog: it while you were sleeping.
text: West looks at him incredulously.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Leave my stuff alone!
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. MOUNTAIN TUNNEL - TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - DAY 89
text: Loveless's TANK/TRAIN CHUGS into a mountain tunnel. The
text: Wanderer is just behind it... and goes into the tunnel
text: seconds later.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. OTHER SIDE OF TUNNEL - TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - DAY 90
text: The Wanderer BLASTS out of the tunnel. (In the f.g. we
text: might notice a metal post that extends up OUT OF FRAME.)
scene_heading: 91 INT. WANDERER - ENGINE - DAY 91
text: Coleman squints ahead. He sees the tracks up ahead are
dialog: empty. No Loveless.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Am I missin' somethin' here...?
scene_heading: 92 EXT. TRACKS - LOVELESS'S TRAIN - TRAIN CHASE - DAY 92
text: Up on metal stilts. It lets the Wanderer pass underneath
text: it. Then it lowers itself back down onto the tracks.
text: The legs fold to the side, and the tank/train pursues its
text: pursuers.
scene_heading: 93 INT. LOVELESS'S TRAIN - DAY 93
text: Loveless turns to his three distaff warriors.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Amazonia, shall we disabuse our
dialog: friends of the notion that one's
dialog: problems are solved when we see
text: the light at the end of the
dialog: tunnel!
text: As Munitia swivels the cannon barrel...
speaker_heading: 94 OMITTED 94
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 97 97
scene_heading: 98 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 98
text: West and Gordon are about to head forward when Gordon
text: glances out the back, grabs West.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 68.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Jim, we're the ones chasing
dialog: Loveless, correct?
dialog: (as West shoots
dialog: him a look)
dialog: Then perhaps you could explain
dialog: what they're doing behind us.
text: As West looks out the back too... KA-BOOM!! A SHELL
text: EXPLODES just to the right of them. Now ANOTHER
text: EXPLOSION to the left of them. The Wanderer rocks
text: precariously from wheel to wheel, throwing a screaming
text: Rita back and forth between West and Gordon.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: They couldn't fire the cannon at
dialog: us from in front. Any other
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: 99 OMITTED 99
scene_heading: 100 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 100
text: West jumps up on the pool table.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Would it put you out too much to
dialog: throw me a rope and hit your
dialog: little secret button?
text: With a shrug, Gordon tosses West a rope and hits the
dialog: same hidden button he had during their fight. Whoosh!
text: West is gone as the pool table flips over. As Rita
text: covers her mouth in amazement...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I taught him how it worked.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. UNDER WANDERER - DAY 101
text: West hanging upside-down. He hand-over-hands himself
text: back to the escape trolley. He slides his back on top of
text: it -- then lowers it onto the track.
text: Little wheels fit on the inside of the track. Once
text: coupled, West releases the cable and he shoots backwards
scene_heading: -- OUT OF FRAME.
scene_heading: 102 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 102
text: Gordon opens a panel in the floor and snaps up a winch
text: with a large handle. He starts to crank it, slowly
text: letting out cable.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - POV FROM BACK OF MOVING 103
scene_heading: WANDERER - DAY
text: Out the back door, we see West emerge from under the
text: Wanderer heading for Loveless's tank/train.
speaker_heading: 104 INSERT 104
text: Suddenly there's a PING! BONG! PING! POP! The TEETH
dialog: of the GEARS can't take the pressure and they're flying
text: off the WINCH.
scene_heading: 105 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 105
text: Gordon, realizing another invention of his needs some
text: tweaking, snaps out his pen and pad. As he scribbles a
dialog: note, Rita considers the exotic pen holder.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You know you could put a gun on
dialog: that thing.
text: Gordon looks up at her disapprovingly... not you too?
text: Meanwhile, on the tracks...
scene_heading: 106 EXT. TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - WEST ON TROLLEY - DAY 106
text: Off his wire tether, he flies backwards at 80 mph.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - POV FROM BACK OF MOVING 107
scene_heading: WANDERER - DAY
text: It looks like his head's about to be smashed by
text: Loveless's tank/train.
scene_heading: 108 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 108
text: Rita turns away, buries her head in Gordon's shoulder
dialog: just as...
scene_heading: 109 EXT. TRACKS - TRAIN CHASE - DAY 109
text: West slides under the train! He lies flat as the death
text: MACHINE ROARS over him. At the last second, he lassos
text: the rope around the rear axle. It slows him for a
text: beat... then stretches. He's gotten Gordon's trick rope.
text: We see his silent scream -- "Artemus!" He slides way
text: behind the tank/train, then springs back... past the
text: tank/train. Finally, West slides back underneath and
text: manages to grab hold of their caboose. He swings his
text: legs up, pulls himself around onto the step.
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 70.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. LOVELESS'S TRAIN - ROOF - MOVING - DAY 110
text: West makes his way forward to the smokestack. He tries
text: to flip the flue closed, steam scalding his hands. He
text: doesn't see Hudson come at him from behind. He wraps a
text: garrote around West's neck, pulls it tight -- practically
text: crushing his larynx...
scene_heading: 111 INT. LOVELESS'S TRAIN - ENGINE - DAY 111
text: Munitia is bent over, has her eye to the cannon sight.
text: As she squints through the smoke at the Wanderer up ahead,
text: Loveless, sitting behind her, has his full attention
text: focused on her tuchus.
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: I have them square in my sights,
dialog: sire.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: As do I, Munitia... as do I.
dialog: (looks up, wry smile)
dialog: Fire away!
text: But it's a little difficult with him stroking her
text: buttocks. BOOM! The CANNON FIRES...
speaker_heading: 112 OMITTED 112
scene_heading: 113 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 113
text: Gordon and Rita are looking out the back when they see
text: the latest missile headed their way. Gordon pulls Rita
text: down at the last second as a huge steel arrow shoots
text: through the door, past their heads... and into the parlor
dialog: wall.
text: As metal barbs flick out, locking the tip in, and the
text: steel chain it's attached to draws tight...
scene_heading: 114 EXT. LOVELESS'S TRAIN - ROOF - MOVING - DAY 114
text: West and Hudson roll around precariously. West claws
text: desperately at the garrote. It looks grim for our hero
text: until he knocks his boot heels together. CLICK... his
text: STILETTO BLADE appears.
text: Summoning his last ounce of strength, he mule-kicks...
text: sinking the blade into Hudson's leg. West grabs him and
text: shoves him head first into the smokestack. The big
text: Indian plugs it up like a cork in a bottle.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 115 INT. LOVELESS'S TRAIN - ENGINE - DAY 115
text: Loveless has only a moment to gloat over his marksmanship
text: before the compartment begins filling with smoke.
text: Choking clouds that send Loveless et al into coughing
dialog: fits.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Close the fire door!
text: Just in time, Amazonia swings it shut as the unvented
text: BOILER EXPLODES, sending a FIREBALL ripping through the
text: back of the train, destroying it. Up ahead...
scene_heading: 116 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 116
text: Gordon and Rita are thrown across the car, along with
text: everything else inside, as Loveless's train's sudden
text: stop... jerks them with it. The SCREECH of STEEL WHEELS
text: SCRAPING on IRON RAILS is sickening. They clutch onto
text: one another... as the Wanderer skids to a stop.
text: As they pick themselves up, Gordon looks to Rita who's
text: shaken up and scared. Now FOOTSTEPS coming up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I won't let Loveless take me
dialog: again! I'd rather be dead!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (recalling West's
dialog: words)
dialog: That's not a good one to wish for.
text: To defend herself, Rita grabs one of the sleeping-gas
text: pool balls rolling around on the ground. Gordon leads
text: her into the stateroom to lock her in, but she grabs his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Please, Artemus, don't leave me
dialog: alone!
text: Rita closes the door behind him and locks it.
scene_heading: 117 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - STATEROOM - DAY 117
text: Gordon and Rita on the bed. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH. Gordon
text: gestures to be still. The door handle jiggles. Rita gets
text: ready to arm the POOL BALL.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: WEST (O.S.)
dialog: (hoarsely, not
dialog: sounding like him)
dialog: It's me, Jim. Open up!
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It's a trick, I know Loveless.
text: CLICK, she pushes the number. Gordon makes a grab for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Rita, no! It's just...
text: CLUNK... she drops it to the floor.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - WEST
text: standing in the doorway. He rubs a raw welt on his neck
text: from the garrote, smirks when he sees Gordon on the bed
text: with Rita. But his smirk drops when he sees the pool
text: ball roll between his feet -- spewing a purple cloud of
dialog: sleeping gas.
text: West gives Gordon a Wile E. Coyote look, croaks...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Too damn late, is what it is.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY 118
text: A sea of corn tassels waving in the wind. Loveless's
text: destroyed train is in the b.g. The CAMERA TILTS DOWN to
dialog: find...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WEST AND GORDON
text: lying on the ground with their BACKS TO us. They stir.
text: West props himself up, looks over at Gordon, who has just
dialog: regained consciousness.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (mimicking him)
text: An innocent billiard ball this
dialog: way, but depress the number and on
text: impact... a sleeping-gas bomb.
text: West shakes his head disparagingly and stands. He feels
text: the metal band around his neck and surveys the 18-inch
text: wire fence which has been laid around them in a circle.
text: West is about to step over it. Gordon grabs his leg.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Don't move!
scene_heading: 119 EXT. WANDERER - BACK PLATFORM - DAY 119
text: Loveless is sitting in his wheelchair, fifty yards from
text: West and Gordon. On Loveless's elbow sits Miss
text: Lippenreider. She looks through binoculars and lip reads
dialog: West and Gordon.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Continue, Miss Lippenreider...
speaker_heading: MISS LIPPENREIDER
dialog: (doing both voices
dialog: in a monotone)
dialog: West. Let go of my leg! Gordon.
dialog: Listen to me. Loveless collared
dialog: us with the same metal device we
dialog: found on Morton.
text: Loveless turns to Munitia, who is loading two 36-inch-
text: diameter metal discs into what looks like a CD
dialog: changer/clay-pigeon-thrower.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Oh, Munitia... I hope we're not
dialog: going to leave evidence behind
dialog: like we did last time.
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: Nitro this time, sire.
text: As she arms the device, and a red light comes on...
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (through megaphone)
dialog: Good morning, gentlemen! I trust
dialog: you slept well.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. CORNFIELD - PERIMETER - DAY 120
text: West and Gordon squint through the corn, see Loveless on
dialog: their train.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What have you done with Rita?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Rita, is it? How familiar! Rita
dialog: is sleeping off the after-effects
text: in the stateroom.
dialog: (looks toward bedroom)
dialog: Quite lovely, isn't she? Who
dialog: knows... I might even become
dialog: 'familiar' with her myself.
text: Gordon takes a step. West stops him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: And that would become one more
dialog: reason why I'm going to kill you.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Yes, Mr. West, I'm sure a well-
dialog: endowed blackamoor like yourself
dialog: must find it absolutely
dialog: impossible... that a freak like me
dialog: could fully enjoy the pleasure of
dialog: a woman. But having witnessed my
dialog: use of mechinology so far...
dialog: wouldn't you think I could provide
dialog: myself with something for the
dialog: lower half of my body that was
text: hard-pumping and indefatigably
dialog: steely?
dialog: Loveless looks O.S.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: ... And speaking of 'hard
dialog: pumping...' Mr. Coleman, full
dialog: steam ahead!
scene_heading: 121 EXT. WANDERER - ENGINE ROOM - COLEMAN - DAY 121
text: In the engine room. Amazonia has a gun to his head.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. WANDERER (STARTING TO MOVE) - DAY 122
text: Loveless takes his last shot at them from the back.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: What a marvelous train! You don't
dialog: mind if I borrow it, do you,
dialog: gentlemen?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: LOVELESS (CONT'D)
dialog: Other than a lack of wheelchair
dialog: access, I find it a most
dialog: comfortable way to pass the long
dialog: miles from here to my laboratory
dialog: in Spider Canyon...
dialog: (louder, as they
dialog: move off)
dialog: I'll be seeing President Grant
text: soon at Promontory Point. What
dialog: shall I tell him for you? I'm
dialog: afraid it can't be that you're
dialog: alive and well...
text: And as his maniacal giggle hangs in the air...
scene_heading: 123 EXT. CORNFIELD - PERIMETER - GORDON AND WEST - DAY 123
text: frustrated, as the train pulls away from them. West tugs
text: at the metal collar around his neck.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon, get out your little tool
dialog: kit and get this damn thing off of
dialog: me!
text: Gordon unbuttons his shirt to reveal his leather tool
text: kit... empty except for a note. Gordon opens it and
dialog: reads.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: 'Gentlemen, welcome to the
dialog: Loveless Experimental Camp for
dialog: Political Dissidents. There are
text: no guards. No barbed wire. As
dialog: long as you stay within the
dialog: designated perimeter, you will
dialog: stay alive.'
scene_heading: 124 EXT. CORNFIELD - WANDERER - MOVING - BACK PLATFORM - DAY 124
text: Miss Lippenreider is still eavesdropping for Loveless,
dialog: through binos.
speaker_heading: MISS LIPPENREIDER
dialog: West. How do you know it's not
dialog: just bullshit? Gordon. Step over
text: the fence and find out. Rita and
dialog: I will put flowers on your grave
dialog: every year.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. CORNFIELD - PERIMETER - WEST - DAY 125
text: stands next to the little fence, watching Loveless
dialog: escape.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I don't have time for this.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Wait, I have an auxiliary tool
dialog: kit!
text: Gordon peels back the top of his boot revealing it. But
text: it's too late. West has jumped over the fence. Then he
text: hops back inside it. He holds his hands out to Gordon.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: See? Nothing happened.
text: West grabs Gordon by the back of his vest and yanks him
text: over the fence. Now they hear a slight BUZZING in the
dialog: air and it's not a bee.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE - DISC
text: comes whipping over the corn straight for West's head.
text: In a split second, he ducks and the disc cuts the tops of
text: the corn off and banks around for a new attack.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Oh, really...?
text: Now both of them step over the fenced perimeter and start
text: running like hell through the cornfield.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Is it too late to take it off of
dialog: me now?
scene_heading: 126 EXT. CORNFIELD - DISC LAUNCHER - DAY 126
text: The second disc machine light turns green and the second
text: disc is launched.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. CORNFIELD - WANDERER BACK PLATFORM - MOVING - DAY 127
text: Loveless is laughing his head off. Certain of Gordon's
text: and West's impending death, he rolls his wheelchair
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 77.
scene_heading: A128 INT. WANDERER - RITA A128
text: is awakening from the effects of the billiard ball gas
text: and tries to control her sense of dread and loathing.
text: She smiles nervously at Loveless, who's being fawned-over
dialog: by his women.
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: Caviar...?
speaker_heading: LIPPENREIDER
dialog: Blini...?
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (opening champagne
dialog: bottle)
dialog: Rita, my dear, not that I'm
dialog: ungrateful to Providence for
dialog: bringing you back to me...
text: Rita jumps as the champagne CORK POPS.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: ... I'm just a wee bit curious as
dialog: to how you managed to wind up with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (scrambling)
dialog: Well, they uh... seemed so... sure
dialog: that they could find you... and I
dialog: thought if I stayed with them...
dialog: they'd lead me back to... all my
dialog: friends...
text: Munitia shoots a look at Lippenreider.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And not to give you a big head
dialog: but...
text: (wrinkles her nose
dialog: to Loveless)
dialog: I kinda missed you.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (not buying it)
dialog: Isn't that a coincidence? I miss
dialog: me, too.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. CORNFIELD - WEST AND GORDON - DAY 128
text: come running TOWARD us. Behind and above are two discs
text: about to make a dive at them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
text: The discs, like giant razors, are mowing off the tops of
text: the corn stalks, heading straight for their heads!
text: West and Gordon dive to the ground... the discs just
text: missing them. West stands to run again. We see the back
text: of his head's been buzzed.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. CORNFIELD - AERIAL SHOT - WEST AND GORDON - DAY 129
text: running a zigzag pattern toward the end of the cornfield.
text: West sees a gully fifty yards ahead of them.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Head for that gully!
text: West zigs out of the cornfield one way. Gordon zags out
text: the other. They're both beat-up and exhausted from
text: running and flopping on the ground.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. RIVER CANYON NEAR CORNFIELD - GORDON - DAY 130
text: breathlessly reaches the edge. And looks down.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. RIVER CANYON - GORDON'S POV - DAY 131
text: It's no gully. It's a canyon that drops 100 feet down
text: to a ribbon of brown water. And that's not the worst of
dialog: it...
scene_heading: 132 EXT. RIVER CANYON NEAR CORNFIELD - DAY 132
text: West is on the other side of the precipice. They're
text: separated by about 15 feet of air.
text: They both see the discs closing in. Think fast.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: When I give the signal. Jump off
text: the cliff into my arms.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Are you crazy?! Do you see what's
dialog: down there?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (watching the discs
dialog: approach)
dialog: Five, four, three, two...
text: West holds out his arms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Forget it. I'm not doing it...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: One...
text: West takes a leap of faith... and finally, so does
dialog: Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Oh shit!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - PARTNERS
text: meeting mid-air. They drop OUT OF FRAME, just as... the
text: two discs collide with a MIGHTY EXPLOSION that is heard
dialog: by...
scene_heading: 133 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - DAY 133
text: Loveless raises his glass to Rita, makes a little kissing
text: gesture. She looks like she'd like to kill herself.
speaker_heading: 134 OMITTED 134
scene_heading: 135 EXT. RIVER CANYON NEAR CORNFIELD - WEST AND GORDON - DAY 135
text: are still in mid-air, both looking down.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I just remembered... I can't swim!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You won't have to!
text: They drop OUT OF FRAME and we hear a LOUD THUK THUK.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. BOTTOM OF RIVER CANYON - WEST AND GORDON - DAY 136
text: stuck up to their necks in red riverbed mud. As they
text: slowly begin to extricate themselves...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Maybe I should have stayed inside
dialog: that fence another moment or two.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79A.
scene_heading: A137 EXT. STREAM - DUSK A137
text: West and Gordon, caked in mud, are coming up a ridge,
text: below which is a stream.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: All right, Gordon, what's your
dialog: plan? How are you gonna get this
dialog: damn thing off my neck?
text: Gordon turns to West, simmering, controlling himself.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Isn't that why you're here?
dialog: 'Cause you're the master of,
dialog: you know, mechanical stuff?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Oh. Oh, I see. Now I'm the master
dialog: of... 'mechanical stuff.' As opposed
dialog: to five minutes ago, when I was trying
dialog: to collect my thoughts and figure
dialog: out a way to get us out of these
dialog: contraptions! But no!
text: Gordon starts moving towards West, who is forced to back
text: up -- looking a tad nervous for the first time in the
dialog: movie.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: -- That wouldn't have been any
dialog: fun for a certain somebody, and I
dialog: won't mention any names -- Jim
dialog: West! -- who decided to take me on
text: a bracing romp through a cornfield
dialog: and play a fanciful game of hide
text: and seek with serrated, spinning
dialog: death discs, while our only mode
dialog: of transportation is in the hands
text: of a sadistic madman with weapons
dialog: of mass destruction, who kidnapped
text: Rita, and is on his way to kill
dialog: our President and take over the
dialog: country!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Hey, calm down, Gordon...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/97 79B.
speaker_heading: A137 CONTINUED: A137
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (he's completely
dialog: lost it)
dialog: No! Because I'm the 'Master of
dialog: Mechanical Stuff!' And I have to
dialog: help YOU! Because you're the
dialog: 'Master of Stupid Stuff!'
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You want to get that collar off?
dialog: Fine! Let's do it the fun, Jim
dialog: West way!
dialog: (picks up a rock)
dialog: Let's bash it with a rock!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon, you don't want to do that.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (crazy)
dialog: Oh, but I do.
text: Gordon grabs a rock and smashes West's collar.
dialog: Suddenly --
text: ZIIIINNG! West's collar emits a LOW HUM. Suddenly,
text: West is thrown into Gordon, their collars locking.
speaker_heading: CLANG!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (suddenly calm)
dialog: That's odd. What did you do?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I didn't do shit!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: No, you must've reversed the
dialog: polarity of the magnets.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I did not do shit!
dialog: (he's had enough)
dialog: That's it --
text: West lifts his leg to Gordon's collar to push him
text: away, but then -- CLANG! The stiletto in his shoe
text: dislodges and instantly sticks to Gordon's magnetic
dialog: collar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79C.
speaker_heading: A137 CONTINUED: (2) A137
text: For a mega-millisecond, West -- his foot stuck to his
text: partner's neck -- is stunned. But before he knows what
text: even happened, West flips upside down onto his shoulders.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Oh, I'm peachey. Now help me get
dialog: my boot off!
text: First, Gordon -- trying to get some leverage -- puts his
text: foot in West's crotch and pulls the boot.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Ahhhh!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Apologies, apologies.
text: Gordon struggles to free the writhing West from the boot
text: (attached to Gordon's collar).
text: Finally, West's foot comes free. But when he sits up
text: -- THWAP! His collar is sucked into Gordon's belt buckle.
text: West is face to face with his partner's crotch.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Do me a favor. When you're
dialog: telling this story to your
dialog: grandkids, leave this part out.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Don't worry.
text: West starts unbuttoning Gordon's belt.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Now, when I undo your belt,
dialog: I'm going to run as fast as I
dialog: can that way, and you run as
dialog: fast as you can the other way.
dialog: Understand?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You're going to run as fast as
dialog: you can one way and I'm going to
dialog: run as fast as I can the other...?
dialog: Ingenious.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: One... two...
dialog: (undos belt)
dialog: Three!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79D.
speaker_heading: A137 CONTINUED: (3) A137
text: The men run in opposite directions. (Gordon's belt on
text: West's collar, West's boot on Gordon's). They get about
text: thirty, forty yards. Then --
text: They're yanked backwards into each other.
text: SPLASH! They fall in the water -- back to back. Every
text: time one rolls up and catches his breath, the other is
text: under water.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (rolling face up)
dialog: Get off me, you steaming pile of
speaker_heading: (GURGLE)!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (rolling face up)
dialog: I'm trying, you son of a (GURGLE)!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (rolling face upGURGLE) you!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (rolling face upGURGLE) yourself!
text: Finally they roll out of the stream and onto dry land.
text: They sit up, out of breath, stuck together, back to back.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I do not want to spend the rest
dialog: of my life looking like a meatball
text: on a plate.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We're going to have to discuss
text: bathroom etiquette soon. Very
dialog: soon.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TOOL KIT
text: bobbing in the stream. Gordon grabs it out of the water.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Aha. My auxiliary tool kit.
dialog: I forgot all about it. It must've
text: slipped out of my pocket.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Your pocket? Why wasn't it
text: attached to some spring-loaded
dialog: something-or-other that shoots
dialog: out of your ass?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/97 79E.
speaker_heading: A137 CONTINUED: (4) A137
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Because that, my friend, would be
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 137
text: Gordon, lips parched, clothes tattered, peers impatiently
text: over the metal collar as West works on it with some lock
text: picks. West's collar is already off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 09/03/98 80.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: 137
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Why didn't you tell me you had an
dialog: 'auxiliary' tool kit?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I did tell you, but in your zeal
dialog: to run and leap off a two-hundred-
dialog: foot cliff, I don't think you
dialog: heard me.
text: West eats the grilled Gila monster voraciously. And
text: eats. And enjoys it more. And eats. He notices Gordon
text: watching him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What?!
text: Gordon looks to the heavens and recites.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: '... Take physic, pomp; Expose
dialog: thyself to feel what wretches
dialog: feel, That thou mayst shake the
dialog: superflux to them, And show the
dialog: heavens more just.'
text: Gordon's quote has gone on. And on. And on. He notices
text: West watching him.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You know, Gordon, you can be quite
dialog: annoying -- flaunting that fancy
dialog: education.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Well, truth be told, I never had a
dialog: fancy education -- not a formal
dialog: one, anyway.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (looks at Gordon's
dialog: ring)
dialog: The Harvard thing seems pretty
dialog: formal to me.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: This ring? This ring isn't real.
dialog: Do you want it?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 09/03/98 80A.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: (2) 137
speaker_heading: GORDON (CONT'D)
dialog: (takes ring off and
dialog: tosses it into fire)
dialog: A prop. I'm an actor. Or was. I
dialog: gave it up. I went by the name of
dialog: Arthur Gordon. Ever hear of me?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: No. How did you wind up in this
dialog: line of work?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: The pinnacle of my life in the
dialog: theater came in a production of
dialog: Our American Cousin -- a light
dialog: comedy -- at Ford's Theater in
dialog: Washington. There was this one
dialog: line I had... always got the
dialog: biggest laugh in the show. One
dialog: night, it drowned out the
dialog: gunshot that killed President
dialog: Lincoln.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I decided to devote my talents to
dialog: making sure that never happened
dialog: again.
scene_heading: CLOSE - TARANTULA
text: walks slowly across West's outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Uh... There's a spider on your
dialog: hand. Doesn't that bother you?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: She doesn't want any trouble.
text: She's just trying to get warm.
text: He puts the spider down into the sand.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: How come you know so much about
dialog: the desert, anyway?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: The Indians taught me. I lived
dialog: out here when I was a boy.
text: Gordon starts to ask West something but West doesn't want
dialog: him to pry further.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 09/03/98 81/82.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: (3) 137
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Hey -- watch --
text: He points toward a small black wasp flying from above.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: The desert wasp... one of the
dialog: world's great hunters. She'll
dialog: kill the tarantula -- and lay her
dialog: eggs on it, so her babies can have
dialog: something to eat.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Now I'm really hungry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did your parents, who I assume
dialog: were Negroes, feel about you being
dialog: raised by Indians?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: They didn't have much to say about
dialog: it. I was sent to another
dialog: plantation when I was little. Ran
dialog: away as soon as my legs were
dialog: strong enough to take me.
text: West can see the effect his story has had on Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Did you ever see your family
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 8/28/98 83.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: (4) 137
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (stands, kicks
dialog: out fire)
dialog: They were at the camp at New
dialog: Liberty.
text: Now they both stare into the fire. Finally Gordon
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'll help you get him, Jim.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. UTAH - DESERT - MORNING 138
text: West and Gordon trudge through an endless sand dune,
text: side by side, chests out, jaws set. They're partners,
dialog: goddammit!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You have no idea where you're
dialog: going, do you?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I know exactly where I'm goin'
dialog: ... Spider Canyon.
text: Gordon stops to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (stops, looks back)
dialog: But I'm never gonna get there
dialog: with you draggin' that damn
dialog: thing around!
text: Now we see Gordon's got the heavy metal collar in his hand.
text: West grabs him and they start to walk away -- Gordon
text: listing noticeably.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: While a magneto of this power
dialog: may not inspire your scientific
dialog: curiosity, it does mine. Besides,
dialog: you never know when it might come
dialog: in handy.
text: Gordon suddenly disappears OUT OF FRAME. West stops
dialog: to see what's happened to his partner now...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 8/28/98 84.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: ANGLE - GORDON
text: He's on his back, arm holding the metal doughnut
text: straight out over his head, being dragged across the
text: desert floor by some unseen force.
text: Gordon snowplows backwards through the sand for 40 feet,
text: finally coming to an abrupt stop with a metallic klang!
text: West deadpans this bit of insanity, walks over, and with
text: the toe of his boot, uncovers the explanation -- iron
text: railroad tracks covered by drifting sand.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Arte... when you're right, you're
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Well I think our partnership is
dialog: taking a big step forward. You
dialog: finally admitted I was right about
dialog: something.
text: West helps him up. Then, as or two heroes follow the
text: tracks into the distance... towards Spider Canyon...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Now... how about admitting you
dialog: were lost?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Don't push it.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. SPIDER CANYON RIM - DAY (LATER) 139
text: West and Gordon trudge past the Wanderer. It's parked
text: at the end of the line, looks deserted.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Jim, I know I've hallucinated
dialog: it several times before, so is
dialog: that really the Wanderer?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That's the Wanderer.
text: Gordon seems relieved to know his beloved train is not
text: another mirage. They continue on to the rim of the
text: canyon, peer over the edge. Reacting to what they see...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: And would it be too much to
dialog: hope that I'm simply seeing a
dialog: World's Fair down there... ?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 8/28/98 85.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Yeah, it would. That's Loveless'
dialog: Lair.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. SPIDER CANYON - POV FROM RIM - DAY 140
text: A natural bowl that appears to have been made by a
text: meteor, is gouged out of the desert floor. In the bowl
text: are several spectacular Victorian-style buildings made
text: almost entirely of glass, plus a huge silo. Ant-sized
text: figures are moving around.
speaker_heading: 141 OMITTED 141
scene_heading: 142 EXT. SPIDER CANYON - DAY 142
text: Now they hear a strange sound. To modern ears, a WHINE
text: as from a jet engine. Loveless appears in the f.g. He's
text: rising on a steel platform as if on some unseen elevator.
text: Up, up, up he goes... as now more of the contraption comes
text: INTO VIEW. Alloy girders, multi-levels, control boards...
text: all open in an Eiffel Tower-like effect.
text: West and Gordon scramble for cover behind a rock as a
text: giant metal Tarantula steps over the rim in full
text: terrifying glory. Eight legs, five stories high.
text: The thorax of the giant spider bristles with Gatling guns
text: and all manner of weaponry. As the shadow of the monster
text: passes over their faces...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Now that's impressive.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Nice to see an invention that
dialog: actually works.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DAY 143
text: Loveless is sitting in a captain's seat 60 feet in the
text: air. He's surrounded by his adoring crew Amazonia,
text: Munitia and Lippenreider. He spreads his arms wide,
text: world at his feet.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. SPIDER CANYON RIM - ANGLE - GORDON AND WEST - DAY 144
text: They watch the Tarantula head toward a narrow opening
text: between two red-rock outcroppings.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: We'll see about that. The fool
text: doesn't even realize he's trapped.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. MESAS NEAR SPIDER CANYON RIM - DAY 145
text: Suddenly... a VOLLEY OF CANNON FIRE EXPLODES the
text: impediment to dust. The Tarantula marches on.
speaker_heading: 146 OMITTED 146
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 147 147
scene_heading: 148 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR (STOPPED) - DAY 148
text: West is dressing for battle. He straps his six guns
text: on his hips, flips the pool table over, grabs a coach
text: gun, tucks that behind his chaps.
text: He belts on his shotgun shell bandolero. An extra six
text: gun gets tucked in the belt. Another in his boot.
text: Pocketfuls of shells. The man's ready for war.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gordon, let's ride!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You do know how to ride...?
text: He sticks his head through the door to...
scene_heading: 149 INT. WANDERER - LAB CAR (STOPPED) - DAY 149
text: Gordon's Nitro-cycle is out. Gordon fusses with it and
text: some canvas.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: ... A horse, I mean.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yes... I know how to ride a horse.
dialog: When the situation calls for
dialog: something primitive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 149 CONTINUED: 149
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: How about now? There's a big
dialog: spider stompin' towards our
dialog: President!
dialog: But Gordon won't be hurried. He has a big book out,
text: studies it, then looks back to his Nitro-cycle.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I was just thinking about another
dialog: spider. Remember in the desert,
dialog: when that little wasp killed the
dialog: tarantula...?
text: West rolls his eyes impatiently.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Yeah. Well, the wasp had a small
dialog: advantage. It could fly.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Exactly!
text: Gordon excitedly shows the book to West. Pictured is an
text: archaic sepia diagram of a weird aircraft. West looks at
text: it in disbelief as Gordon prattles on manically.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: In 1540, Leonardo Da Vinci
dialog: invented a flying machine called
dialog: the 'Ornithopter.' Though he
dialog: never actually flew it...
text: West's heard enough. He grabs Gordon, shakes him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Artemus! There's no time for
dialog: plans or half-cocked inventions!
dialog: They don't work. We gotta stick
dialog: to what we're each good at!
text: As West drags Gordon to the wardrobe...
scene_heading: 150 EXT. DESERT (UTAH) - DAY 150
text: Two riders galloping TOWARD CAMERA. As they THUNDER
text: PAST, we see West is in the lead, jaw set. And right
text: behind him comes... President Grant...?! (It's Artemus
dialog: in disguise, of course. And he actually can ride a
dialog: horse.)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 88.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - CLOSE ON GOLDEN SPIKE - DAY 151
text: being held in the stubby fingers of Ulysses S. Grant.
text: He's reading an inscription on it.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT (O.S.)
dialog: May God continue the unity of our
dialog: country...
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal a crowd present to watch
text: President Grant knock in the famous spike. Behind him,
text: two train engines are facing each other. The detectives
text: scan the crowd for possible trouble.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: ... as this railroad unites the
dialog: two great oceans of this world.
text: Now he swings back the sledgehammer... but at the top of
dialog: his swing...
speaker_heading: CLOSE - SPIKE
text: starts to shake, wiggle, and actually pop out of its
text: hole. Very curious. As it begins to hop on the ground,
text: bounced by a RESOUNDING THUMPING...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GRANT AND CROWD
dialog: look across the desert to see...
scene_heading: 152 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - LONG SHOT - DAY 152
text: The Tarantula in full view. People start screaming
text: in terror as it appears over a ridge, huge even at
text: this distance. The metal beast closes the 200-yard
dialog: distance in seconds.
text: The citizens flee. The detectives are not far behind
text: them. The soldiers take cover and ready their weapons.
text: Grant stands his ground... even as a huge FOOT CLOMPS
text: down in front of him, VIBRATING the CAMERA.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DAY 153
text: Loveless talks into a microphone which BOOMS his
text: voice out through AMPLIFIED SPEAKERS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 153 CONTINUED: 153
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, isn't this a coincidence!
dialog: I'm out for a little mornin' ride,
text: and right in the middle of
dialog: nowhere, I bump into General
dialog: Ulysses S. Grant himself!
dialog: (leans over edge,
dialog: mocking salute)
dialog: We've never been properly
dialog: introduced. I'm Dr. Arliss
dialog: Loveless, formerly with the
dialog: Confederate Army.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - DAY (INTERCUT WITH TARANTULA 154
speaker_heading: BRIDGE)
text: Cool and collected, Grant lights a cigar.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Yes, Dr. Loveless, what can I do
dialog: for you today?
dialog: (to his military aides)
text: Flank him, left and right.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: I have a humble abode nearby, and
dialog: I hope you'll accept my
dialog: hospitality. I have a little
dialog: proposition to make.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: What proposition is that?
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: The unconditional and immediate
dialog: surrender of the United States of
dialog: America to the Loveless Alliance.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I didn't realize we were at war.
text: Loveless gives the nod to Munitia.
scene_heading: 155 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - DAY 155
text: KABOOM! The CANNON blows the President's train to
text: smithereens.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. TARANTULA BRIDGE - DAY 156
text: Loveless giggles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: How about now...?
scene_heading: 157 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - BEHIND OBLITERATED TRAIN - DAY 157
text: The crowd who'd taken refuge behind it runs away in
text: panic. All but one of them. A second President Grant
text: (Artemus Gordon). He calmly lights a cigar on the
text: flaming train, strides up to the other Grant, and
text: shouts up at Loveless.
speaker_heading: GORDON/GRANT
dialog: In matters of war, the person to
dialog: talk to would be me.
dialog: If there's anyone more surprised than the President
dialog: himself it's...
scene_heading: 158 EXT. TARANTULA BRIDGE - DAY (INTERCUT WITH PROMONTORY 158
speaker_heading: POINT)
text: Loveless, squinting down at the two Grants. This new
dialog: wrinkle has also attracted the attention of the
text: Love-lettes and everyone else aboard.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Now just who are you?
speaker_heading: GORDON/GRANT
dialog: The President.
dialog: (turns to President,
dialog: snorts)
dialog: He's just an actor hired to stand
dialog: in for me on public occasions. A
dialog: very bad actor, I must say... a
text: little puffy and overweight.
text: As the President eyes him, puffs on his cigar,
text: Gordon/Grant apes his every move, bigger, mockingly.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Gordon, you've got a lot of brass.
dialog: Where's West?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: You know him, sir...
text: Gordon/Grant shifts his eyes toward...
speaker_heading: 159 OMITTED 159
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - REAR OF TARANTULA - DAY 160
text: West running undetected to the rear leg. As the lone
text: cowboy starts to climb up toward the belly of the beast...
scene_heading: 161 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - TWO GRANTS - DAY 161
text: Gordon/Grant turns to an Army officer, standing behind.
speaker_heading: GORDON/GRANT
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Captain, get this man out of my
dialog: sight! And next time get me a
dialog: real actor!
text: As the bewildered captain starts to lead the President
dialog: away...
scene_heading: 162 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DAY 162
dialog: Loveless has had enough.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Take them both!!!
text: Munitia, manning a sort of cannon, takes a bead on
text: the two Grants. She pulls the trigger...
scene_heading: 163 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - TWO GRANTS - DAY 163
text: ... and a sticky white silk shoots out covering both
text: Grants with spider web material.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Well, Gordon... was this part of
dialog: your plan?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I'm by your side, sir. That's
dialog: what's important.
text: Now Munitia hits a lever and they're hoisted up off the
text: ground. They only get a couple of feet when... BLAM!
text: West shoots the mechanism and it jerks to a stop.
text: All eyes turn to the source of the sharpshooting...
scene_heading: 164 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - TARANTULA LEG - DAY 164
text: West has almost reached the lowest deck. Now all the
text: firepower of the Tarantula is trained on him.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 165 EXT. TARANTULA - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 165
text: Amazonia's on the Gatling gun. Munitia and several other
text: goons on lower decks OPEN UP on West, too.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - TARANTULA LEG - DAY 166
text: West takes cover behind the steel girders, SIX-GUNS
text: BLAZING. All his GUNS BLAZING.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - DAY 167
text: But West's bullets, as well as the Union soldiers'
text: covering FIRE, PING harmlessly against the Tarantula's
scene_heading: ALLOY SKIN.
scene_heading: A168 ANGLE ON BRIDGE - LOVELESS A168
text: grows impatient with the gun battle. He pulls a lever.
speaker_heading: 168 OMITTED 168
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 169 169
speaker_heading: 170 ANGLE - WEST 170
text: Down below, nozzles on the Tarantula's legs suddenly
text: ERUPT in clouds of skin-scalding STEAM. West screams
text: in pain and falls... 30 feet...
scene_heading: 171 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - DAY 171
text: ... to the ground, his head hitting a rock. As the two
text: Grants witness it THROUGH the sticky spider ball...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 172 EXT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - DUSK 172
text: Loveless, wearing a black tunic festooned with medals
text: and a Prussian-style helmet with a horse hair plume,
text: raises his arms Nixon-like as a band plays a flourish.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Bonjour, buenas tardes and good
dialog: day! Great glorious day! A day
dialog: of healing for the wrongs that
dialog: have been done to us all!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
text: Framed by a large flag featuring the spider emblem, he
text: looks out from center stage of a Greek theater at the
text: crowd of foreign dignitaries seated around him.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: ... Oh, how long have we waited!
scene_heading: ANGLE - AMAZONIA, MUNITIA AND LIPPENREIDER
text: dressed in tight Fascist-brown tankwear, rise from their
text: seats and applaud. The only people not applauding are a
text: row of haggard, bearded scientists and the manacled
text: prisoners Gordon (sans disguise), Rita, Grant and
dialog: Coleman.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (looks to
dialog: Englishman)
dialog: ... 1776, wasn't it, old bean?
dialog: Most expensive cup o' tea in
dialog: history...!
text: As the Englishman dignitary nods soberly...
scene_heading: 173 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - DUSK 173
text: West's body hasn't moved. The only change is that now
text: a line of ants crawls across his face. We watch, hoping
text: for a twitch, something... But there is none. The ants
text: march over lifeless eyes, swarm onto the bloody cut on
dialog: his head. If we're not convinced he's dead...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - VULTURE
text: circles lower, finally landing right by West's head. As
text: the hideous carrion-eater leans over West's face...
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - WEST'S EYES
text: A shadow falls across them. But instead of the pecking
text: red beak, a human hand appears IN the FRAME. Brushes the
text: ants away. We hear an INDIAN INCANTATION over. Then
text: finally... West's eyelids flutter open.
scene_heading: WEST'S POV - NAVAJO SHAMAN
text: standing over him. BLURRY, back-lit by the sun, the face
text: of West's Indian friend. The healer who can turn himself
text: into a bird.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED: 173
text: As West sits up groggily, feels his head. Hey, it's
text: okay. As he makes a mental note to always be kind to
dialog: animals...
scene_heading: 174 INT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - DUSK (SAME TIME) 174
text: Loveless continues his speech to the foreign contingent.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (looks to Hudson
dialog: the indian)
dialog: Manhattan for a handful of beads?
dialog: (raises his hand;
dialog: injun-style)
dialog: How?
dialog: (to the Mexicans)
dialog: Remember the Alamo indeed!
dialog: (humbly to crowd)
dialog: Today I'm proud to be able to sit
dialog: before you and tell you the wrongs
dialog: will be righted... the past made
dialog: present... the United, divided!
text: To thunderous applause. Loveless signals for the flag to
text: be pulled down, revealing...
text: ANGLE ON MAP OF "THE DE-UNITED STATES"
dialog: There have been some significant internal changes which
text: Loveless now describes. The delegation from each country
text: stands when they hear their name.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Great Britain gets back the
dialog: thirteen original colonies...
dialog: minus Manhattan.
dialog: (off applause)
dialog: Florida and the Fountain of Youth
dialog: go back to Spain!
dialog: (off applause)
dialog: Texas, New Mexico, California,
dialog: Arizona revolve a Mexico!
dialog: (off applause)
dialog: And the Louisiana Purchase reverts
dialog: back to the King of France!
text: In the front row Rita leans over to Gordon.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Queen of Spain. King of France.
dialog: I was close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED: 174
speaker_heading: MUNITIA
dialog: (jostles her)
dialog: Shut up and listen to a real
dialog: genius!
dialog: Finally Loveless taps Colorado, Kansas, Utah and Nevada
text: -- now labelled as "Loveless Land." Smiles impishly.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: And a tiny piece for me to retire
dialog: on.
text: There's appreciative laughter.
scene_heading: 175 INT. WANDERER - PARLOR CAR - WEST - SAME TIME 175
text: stumbles in and looks around discouraged.
text: The place has been ransacked. The gun cabinets are
text: empty, the Gatling lamp removed. All that's left is
text: Gordon's Nitro-cycle and his wardrobe full of dresses.
text: West tries every secret hiding place. Nothing. Finally
text: he finds Gordon's belt buckle/derringer. He opens the
text: breech. Only one dinky bullet. He throws down the belt
dialog: in disgust.
scene_heading: 176 INT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - LOVELESS - DUSK 176
text: sits behind a desk that has been brought to center stage.
text: Loveless unrolls a document, signs his half of it.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: My partner nations insist that we
dialog: make this as legal as possible.
dialog: Personally, I like the symmetry of
dialog: it. After all wasn't it you who
dialog: made us sign a surrender at
dialog: Appomattox?
text: Loveless snaps his fingers. Amazonia drags Grant out of
text: his seat and sticks a pen in his manacled hands.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Never will I sign that paper,
dialog: never will the United States ever
dialog: surrender!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, sir, we're at loggerheads
dialog: then, aren't we? And I suppose
dialog: the threat of death to someone
dialog: with your valorous war record,
dialog: would mean nothing.
text: Grant sets his jaw intractably. He's right about that.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: ... so, if you still refuse to
dialog: sign this surrender... we'll start
dialog: by shooting your man, Gordon.
text: Loveless whirls, nods to Amazonia who drags the President
text: back to his seat, pulls Gordon out of his. Rita can't
text: help her outburst.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Artemus!
text: Artemus smiles at her, extremely brave under the
text: circumstances. He whispers to Rita and the President.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (tugs at his vest)
dialog: Don't worry, I'm wearing the
dialog: Impermeable.
text: Rita turns to Grant. What the hell is that? Gordon has
text: no time to explain as Amazonia hauls him up on the stage.
text: As Munitia aims her rifle... Gordon holds up a finger.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: If I may have one request... it's
dialog: that she aim at my heart... which
dialog: has loved this great country so
dialog: much!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (considers for a moment)
text: Shoot him in the head.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Great.
text: Munitia cocks her rifle, then just as Loveless holds his
text: hands up for the signal to fire... the lights dim...
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 177 INT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - DUSK 177
text: A candle-powered spotlight swings across the stage and
text: illuminates... a deep-throated, bluesy black CHANTEUSE
text: who starts singing the popular cathouse song, "Hangtown
dialog: Gals."
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Ohhh... Hangtown gals are plump
dialog: and rosy...'
text: Loveless wheels his chair around to take a gander and
text: forgets Gordon's execution instantly. And why not?
text: She's young and beautiful in a RuPaul sort of way. About
text: six feet tall, wearing the blue sequined number Gordon
text: had in his dressing room.
text: Accessorized with black mesh stockings, big feather boa,
dialog: silver-buckled belt, lots of frilly petticoats for those
dialog: can-can moves.
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Hair in ringlets, mighty cozy...'
text: She winds her finger around her ringlets and sticks out
text: her derriere to the crowd. They stare, mouths agape at
dialog: this piece of ass worthy of Othello.
scene_heading: CLOSE - LOVELESS
text: Intrigued. Well, maybe more than intrigued.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: A new girl! What a nice surprise!
text: He motions to hold up Gordon's execution, rolls to her.
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
text: 'Painted cheeks and frilly
dialog: corsets.'
dialog: (bends over showing
dialog: her undergarment)
dialog: Touch them...'
text: Loveless hears this as an invitation, reaches out with
text: his hand and whap! She slaps him right in the face.
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
dialog: '... And they'll sting like
dialog: hornets!'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
text: There's a hush in the crowd. Loveless, a red handprint
text: on his face, is a little nonplussed. Amazonia moves in
text: threateningly, but Loveless stops her, starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (making her name up
dialog: on the spot)
dialog: Ebonia! Why are you so cruel to
dialog: me?
text: Ebonia has escaped a head-cutting neck bracelet. But she
dialog: probably shouldn't be teasing a man who's having "ghost
text: aches" in certain amputated places.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - GORDON
text: waiting to be executed. Something's not quite kosher
dialog: about her for Gordon.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (musing to himself)
dialog: I have a dress like that.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CHANTEUSE
text: Now with the crowd singing along, she pulls out all the
text: stops. Her gestures and dance moves become more
text: exaggerated, she's in the thrall of her audience.
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Hangtown gals are lovely
dialog: creatures
dialog: Think they'll marry Mormon
dialog: preachers.'
text: She sashays over to the French dignitary, pulls his
text: monocle out of his eye and blows hot breath on it,
text: steaming it up. As she pops it back on his face...
speaker_heading: CHANTEUSE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Heads thrown back to show their
dialog: features...'
text: Now she puts her cheek next to Rita as if matching their
text: relative beauty while picking the pocket of Lippenreider.
text: Rita pushes her away disgustedly but not before Ebonia
text: hands Coleman the keys to the cuffs. Coleman looks from
text: the keys to Ebonia. He just caught on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: (2) 177
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Go, Ebonia, go.
text: Then Ebonia prances on stage to Gordon, cuddles up to
text: him. Gordon looks at the big beautiful black woman with
text: a mixture of amusement and relief. Of course, it's his
dialog: "I'd rather be dead" partner, Jim West.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Ha... Ha... Hangtown girls...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Not to sound ungrateful, but you're
text: a little over the top.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Ha... Ha... Ha...
text: West/Ebonia wraps the feather boa around Gordon's neck --
text: hiding the derringer in the palm of his hand. Gordon looks
text: worried. What's he going to do with a gun? As he tucks
dialog: it up his sleeve...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Let me warn you about that
dialog: dress...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Gotta go. Big finish...
dialog: (belts it out)
dialog: 'Ha, ha, ha! Hangtown gals!!!'
text: An immediate standing ovation. The diversion allows
text: Coleman to unlock both Grant's and Rita's shackles.
text: Grant looks at the keys.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Where'd those come from...?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (nods to Ebonia)
dialog: Captain West.
text: Their eyes practically pop out of their heads.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: She's... no...!
scene_heading: ANGLE - EBONIA/WEST
dialog: One more time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 7/1/98 100.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: (3) 177
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'Ha, ha, ha... Hang... Town...
dialog: Girls!!!'
text: Suddenly the tassels on his bosoms are spinning to the
dialog: delight of the crowd.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (suddenly blinks)
dialog: Wait a minute. What the hell
dialog: is this?
text: He stops, but his tassels are still spinning on their
dialog: own.
scene_heading: 178 INT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - DUSK 178
text: Immediately two FLAME THROWERS EXPLODE from his cone-like
text: bosoms.
text: Maybe he should've listened about the dress. He turns to
text: Gordon questioningly, and inadvertently incinerates one of
text: Loveless's goons. He howls in pain, runs panicked...
dialog: right into Rita.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Serves you right for staring at
dialog: them.
text: As she relieves the charred goon of his keys... Loveless
text: turns to the rest of his goons.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Kill him!
dialog: (off their confused
dialog: looks, points)
dialog: Him! Him! The girl!
text: Finally getting it, they rush Ebonia. Even his 4th of
text: July breasts aren't a match for them. Desperate, West
text: reaches way down in his undergarments to retrieve one of
text: Gordon's billiard balls. He depresses the number and
text: rolls it at the guards.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Was that the eight ball?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
text: Gordon grabs West and Rita, pulls them behind the bar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 7/1/98 101.
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED: 178
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That one's an incendiary bomb.
text: KA-BOOOOM! An EXPLOSION rips the place and a Santa Ana-
text: sized fire starts immediately.
text: Rita jumps up and makes her way through the smoke to a
text: bearded SCIENTIST.
speaker_heading: WEST/GORDON
dialog: Rita!
text: She unlocks his neck collar, turns to them and smiles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (disappearing into
dialog: the chaos)
dialog: Meet me after the show!
text: Both West and Gordon look after her with yearning as
text: three goons charge them. Coleman, amazed at their
text: torpor, quickly grabs a RIFLE from the incinerated goon
text: and OPENS FIRE. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
text: Three goons drop. Gordon and West exchange looks.
dialog: Not bad for an emphysemic old engineer.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Special Marshal... President
dialog: thought you needed some lookin'
dialog: after.
dialog: Speaking of the President... he's grabbed a dead goon's
text: RIFLE, and is LAYING DOWN a pretty good field of FIRE
text: himself. Suddenly, he gets a tap on the shoulder from
text: behind. It's Amazonia. Whap, she sends a right to his
text: chin knocking him out. She throws him over her shoulder
text: and carries him away.
scene_heading: 179 INT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - BEHIND STAGE - 179
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: As fire engulfs the place, Loveless has no choice but to
text: retreat... for now. Surrounded by a cadre of his women,
text: who carry the unconscious President Grant, Loveless heads
text: through a round STEEL VAULT DOOR. As Amazonia swings the
text: door closed, the foreign dignitaries BANG on the door
dialog: begging for admittance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: FRENCH MINISTER
dialog: Monsieur, we are your partners!
dialog: You can't let us die in this
dialog: fire!!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: It's not the first time y'all have
dialog: been burned in America.
text: He chuckles, nods to Amazonia, who SLAMS the DOOR closed.
scene_heading: 180 EXT. LOVELESS'S LAIR - AMPHITHEATER - WEST, GORDON AND 180
speaker_heading: COLEMAN - DUSK
text: emerge from the smoking lair, coughing and gasping for
text: breath. They watch helplessly as...
scene_heading: 181 EXT. AMPHITHEATER - TARANTULA - DUSK 181
text: CLAMBERS out of the bowl -- with Grant captive on the
dialog: bridge.
scene_heading: A182 EXT. AMPHITHEATER - DUSK A182
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: This is diabolical! They've got
dialog: the President and I've still got
dialog: that silly song in my head!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: C'mon we gotta go! We gotta ride
dialog: horse! Something!
text: West is watching the Tarantula, turns to calm him.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: No, Arte. Right now, we need
dialog: a plan.
text: Gordon tries to compose himself.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: That flyin' machine idea of
dialog: yours... were you just acting like
dialog: you knew what you were talking
dialog: about... or could you build it?
speaker_heading: 182 OMITTED 182
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 183 183
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. NEAR SPIDER CANYON - WANDERER - STOPPED - DUSK 184
text: PANNING an expanse of canvas comprising a 20-foot wing
text: span. In the b.g., we hear Gordon SCRIBBLING.
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: Now Bernoulli's Principle states
text: that the air flowing over a bird's
text: wings... is moving at a lower
dialog: pressure than the pressure below
dialog: the wing... that's called 'lift.'
dialog: Course, it's just a theory... it's
dialog: never been tested.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - GORDON'S DRAWING
text: It depicts a wing cutting through the air. Arrows
text: indicating airflow. Circular lines indicating "life."
dialog: Only one problem, it's upside down. Gordon remedies
text: that. Looks sheepishly to West who, like him, is wearing
text: a leather flight jacket and goggles.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You're not makin' me feel any
dialog: better.
text: Now they attach the wing to the frame -- which is
dialog: connected to the Nitro-cycle.
text: Coleman, his ever-present cigarette dangling from his
text: mouth, readies bombs from the gunpowder of cartridges and
text: Gordon's design. They look like Flash Gordon's
text: spaceship. He passes them out.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Here's a coupla bon voyage
dialog: presents.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Coleman! Must you smoke when
dialog: handling explosives!
text: Gordon grabs them away from him and sits in the saddle of
text: the Nitro-cycle. West looks at Coleman apologetically as
text: he stuffs the bombs into his jacket.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: He's just a little nervous 'cause
dialog: no one's ever flown before.
text: West is barely on the back when Gordon kicks it over and
text: they BLAST OUT OF FRAME.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 185 EXT. DESERT AND CLIFF - NITRO-CYCLE - DUSK 185
text: builds ground speed. Gordon is nervous at the wheel.
text: West gives him an encouraging pat.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Avant...! Avant!!!
text: But their speed is not enough to get them airborne.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: We're not getting enough lift!
dialog: We need more speed!
text: Then in an uncharacteristic move by Gordon, he turns the
text: machine around and heads for the cliff.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Hey, uh... that's the cliff over
dialog: there, you know?
text: He guns the accelerator.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Yes, I do know.
text: And with that, the Nitro-cycle goes off the cliff! It
text: disappears for the count of five. Then suddenly it
text: swoops up and PAST CAMERA. They're flying!
scene_heading: 186 EXT. SKY - DESERT WASP - IN FLIGHT - DUSK 186
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: It worked...? It worked!!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: If you had to get one right, I'm
dialog: real glad it was this one.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (exhilarated, with
dialog: West-like abandon)
dialog: Yeee-haaa!
text: And with that, they bank the Desert Wasp around and fly
dialog: off to save the Republic.
scene_heading: 187 EXT. SILVERADO - TARANTULA - DUSK 187
text: is entering the town.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 188 EXT. BRIDGE - TARANTULA - DUSK 188
text: Loveless turns to Grant, his face beaten and bruised.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Mr. President, I'll ask you once
dialog: again. Sign the surrender or I
dialog: decimate this town!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: You've had my answer.
text: Loveless's face darkens as Amazonia hands him a tray of
dialog: cotton balls.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
text: (as he puts in earplugs)
dialog: I find the sound of people
text: screaming while they get blown to
text: smithereens, ruins the ear for
dialog: music. Don't you?
text: He offers them to the President. Grant swats them away.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Commence firing!
text: And with that the Tarantula OPENS FIRE on the town.
text: There's a lot of stomping and smashing, too.
scene_heading: 189 EXT. SKY - DESERT WASP (IN FLIGHT) - DUSK 189
text: high above the Tarantula. Gordon, lost in the joy of
text: flight, turns to West who is more of a white-knuckler.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I think I'll call it...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Lemme guess... an Elevation Enhancer?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (why would you
dialog: call it that?)
dialog: No, Air... Gordon.
text: Now West points to the Tarantula and chaos below.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Go down, down there!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 189 CONTINUED: 189
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: (as if to a child)
dialog: You can't just 'go down there.'
dialog: Flight depends on lift, which must
dialog: be calibrated to the angle of
dialog: descent...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Shut up and go down there, will
dialog: ya?
text: West reaches up, shoves the make-shift joystick forward.
text: As the wasp plummets toward the bridge of the Tarantula
text: and Gordon strains to keep control...
scene_heading: 190 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 190
text: Loveless and Grant are oblivious to our heroes above. He
text: unlocks one of Grant's handcuffs, presents him with a
dialog: pen.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, Mr. President. Have you had
dialog: enough yet? Would you like to
dialog: sign the surrender or shall we set
dialog: a course for Denver? Wichita?
dialog: Washington, perhaps?
text: Suddenly there's a LOUD WHOOOSH and...
scene_heading: 191 EXT. SKY - DESERT WASP (IN FLIGHT) - ABOVE SILVERADO - 191
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: West and Gordon swooping down low. West unfastens
text: BOMBS from his vest, waits for the right moment. As
text: they swing past the Tarantula cannon, he drops them.
text: BOOM! BOOM! The big gun falls limp.
scene_heading: 192 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 192
text: The dumbfounded Tarantula crew, which has been whittled
text: down to Miss Lippenreider, Amazonia and Munitia. They
dialog: never counted on having to shoot something in the air,
text: and can't raise their weapons any higher than 90 degrees.
scene_heading: 193 EXT. SKY - DESERT WASP (IN FLIGHT) - ABOVE SILVERADO - 193
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: West and Gordon banking around for another sortie.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 194 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 194
text: Loveless wheels his chair amid the smoke and chaos,
text: shocked. WARNING HORNS are GOING OFF.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Well, I'll be damned... it's West
dialog: and Gordon... flying!
text: Grant chuckles at the dauntless pair's pluck.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Keep that surrender handy. I
dialog: think you're going to need it!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Don't be too sure...
text: Loveless thinks for a moment, pushes Grant out of the
text: way, and rolls over to the controls. He pushes a lever
text: and the Tarantula bends down on its knees. He barks to
dialog: Munitia.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: I'm through with diplomacy... Take
dialog: him away and kill him!
scene_heading: 195 EXT. DESERT - TARANTULA - DUSK 195
text: On its front knees...
scene_heading: 196 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 196
text: Now its rear end is tilted up in the air giving
text: Amazonia at the Gatling gun a shot at...
scene_heading: 197 EXT. SKY - DESERT WASP (IN FLIGHT) - ABOVE SILVERADO - 197
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: The BULLETS PERFORATE the Desert's Wasp's wings and BLAST
text: through its STRUTS. They're going down!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: What does your boy da Vinci say
dialog: about puttin' this bird down?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I don't think he thought it would
dialog: ever work, so he didn't get that
dialog: far. I'm open to suggestions.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 197 CONTINUED: 197
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Take out as many bad guys out as
dialog: you can.
text: Gordon aims wasp at the Tarantula kamikaze-like just
dialog: as...
scene_heading: 198 EXT. TARANTULA - LOWER DECK - MUNITIA - DUSK 198
text: Munitia cocks back the hammer of her pistol and aims
text: it at the President... The WASP CRASHES into her.
text: The SHOT GOES OFF wildly and Munitia falls off the
dialog: deck, to her death.
text: As Grant and the wasp hang over the edge...
scene_heading: 199 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 199
text: Loveless at the controls.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Munitia! Munitia!!!
scene_heading: 200 EXT. TARANTULA - LOWER DECK - DUSK 200
text: West and Gordon, bruised but alive, climb off the wasp
text: and onto the lower deck. They pick up the President
dialog: and dust him off.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Sorry about that, sir. Nose up,
dialog: flaps down. Have to remember that
dialog: next time.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Son, never apologize for saving a
dialog: President's life.
text: As Gordon realizes that he's finally made amends for that
dialog: night long ago in Ford's Theater...
speaker_heading: AMAZONIA (O.S.)
dialog: Soon you all can fly again. This
dialog: time with little angel wings.
text: West, Gordon and Grant turn to see Amazonia and
text: Lippenreider with the drop on them.
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109.
scene_heading: 201 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 201
text: West, Gordon, and Grant are now under Loveless's control.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Gentlemen, I am truly impressed by
dialog: your effort and ingenuity. Why
dialog: not swear an oath of loyalty to
dialog: me... and forego your executions.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Why not? Well, I guess maybe I'd
dialog: rather see what happens when I
dialog: stuff your ass into that cannon
dialog: up there and fertilize the
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Uh, Jim, I think a polite 'no'
dialog: would suffice...
text: Loveless taps a button on his chair and the floor opens
text: up beneath West. He goes crashing down a story.
text: Loveless sics Amazonia on Gordon and Grant and proceeds
text: down the ramp to the level below.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Lippenreider, take over the
dialog: controls.
dialog: (looks down at West)
dialog: We may not have a woodshed on
dialog: board, but that boy is gonna get a
dialog: whoopin' anyway!
scene_heading: 202 INT. BELLY OF THE BEAST - DAY 202
text: West plunges down into the metal chamber. Oiled pistons,
text: thrusting. Steam, billowing. Struggles to his feet.
text: There, out of the shadows, steps...
speaker_heading: KNIFE GUY
text: He's a mess... no hands, just brass collars where they
dialog: used to be. They lock eyes.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: So, I guess you're the one who's
dialog: gonna give me my whoopin'.
text: They square off. A beat. Then, a long steely blade
text: shoots out from where his left hand used to be.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109A.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: 202
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Pfft. I got one a' those.
text: West reveals the less impressive four inch stiletto in
text: his boot. Knife Guy responds by producing another
text: blade from his other cuff.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: But you've got two of those.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay, lemme talk to Gordon, I'll
dialog: see if he can...
text: No time for talk. Knife Guy does a bad-ass series of
text: moves. The blades criss-crossing one another at blinding
text: speed. West, unimpressed, retorts with a lame shake of
text: his stiletto and boot.
text: And the fight begins...
text: Knife Guy attacks! West narrowly escapes each thrust of
text: the knife, and attempts a kick to the groin... but comes
text: up short -- The stiletto collides with one of the blades
text: and snaps like a carrot. His only weapon... gone.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Damn.
text: West rolls onto the railing to avoid the attack. Sparks
text: fly as the Knife Guy tries to slice and dice West but
text: misses each time, hitting the metal railing instead.
text: West rolls to the floor, sucking air. Knife Guy lands
text: a kick to West's ribs. And to make matters worse...
speaker_heading: WRENCH GUY
text: just showed up. He swings his wrench at West's head.
text: West ducks but gets kicked in the back. He sails across
text: the room, lands flat on his back. Now...
speaker_heading: SHOVEL GUY
text: makes an appearance. He hammers his shovel at West's
text: groin, over and over. (West is in a crab position and
text: backs up to avoid this.) West finally gets a kick in
text: -- it does a moderate amount of damage.
text: Wrench Guy appears and swings his huge wrench at West's
text: head. West escapes it, barely...
text: Knife Guy thrusts a side-kick at West's chest, but West
text: catches his foot, holds on for dear life.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109B.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: (2) 202
text: Wrench Guy is inbound, with wrench in hand. He swings
text: on West, but West blocks it with Knife Guy's leg... OUCH!
text: West punches both of them. Wrench Guy tumbles OUT OF
speaker_heading: FRAME.
text: West stands. Looking for a way out, but... no luck...
text: Shovel Guy attacks. West ducks and the shovel connects
text: squarely with Knife Guy's blades. West crouches and
text: throws two simultaneous punches, each connecting with a
text: set of jewels.
text: West stands, follows it up with a right cross and left
text: hook and these two jokers wind up OUT OF FRAME.
text: Now... the Wrench Guy is on his feet and he's pissed!
text: He attacks West, lands a solid kick to the chest and
text: West flies backward toward a...
speaker_heading: HANGING CHAIN
text: which he grabs. He scales the gears, gets a solid grip,
text: then swings, a huge arc across the room, gaining momentum,
text: and kicks Shovel Guy and Wrench Guy at the same time! Off
text: their feet they go, slamming onto the metal floor.
text: West lands. Knife Guy attacks. West uses the chain to
text: block the blades which are flying at him, left and right.
text: Sparks fly. West manages to wrap the chain around one of
text: the knives, locks it down, and heaves it into the gears...
text: the blade snaps.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: No more Mister Knife guy!
text: West drops a stiff right-cross on the chin of the Knife
text: Guy... wobbles his legs a bit. But before West can follow
dialog: up...
text: ANOTHER BLADE SHOOTS OUT
text: to replace the broken one. It stops about a half-an-inch
text: from West's nose.
text: A struggle ensues, but West manages to wrap the chain
text: around Knife Guy's neck and string him up.
text: West throws a kick to his back... Knife Guy, hanging by
text: his neck, flies through the belly... (the chain is on a
text: track)... and out of the mouth of the beast, down into
dialog: the abyss, chain and all.
text: Shovel Guy springs to his feet and swings on West. West
text: grabs the shovel and they struggle for possession...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109C.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: (3) 202
text: Wrench Guy comes out of nowhere and wants a piece of the
text: action. But West uses the shovel to deflect the swing-
text: ing wrench... sparks fly.
text: West gains sole possession of the shovel and mule-kicks
text: Shovel Guy OUT OF FRAME. West spins just in time to
text: land a crippling blow to Wrench Guy's back.
text: Shovel Guy grabs the shovel. He and West tug-o'-war again.
text: West ducks under the shovel and moves back-to-front with
text: him. West elbows him in the ribs. He responds by putting
text: West in a choke hold. West swings the shovel wildly but
text: hits his target -- shovel Guy's head!
text: West steps back, gets his footing and, for good measure,
text: whacks him in the back.
text: Wrench Guy attacks. West defends himself with the shovel
text: and lands a stiff kick to his stomach. Wrench Guy goes
dialog: down...
text: West turns, hits Shovel Guy in the chest with the shovel
dialog: and he goes down...
text: Wrench Guy sneaks up on West from behind and swings at
text: his head. West, on instinct, lifts the shovel and blocks
text: the deadly blow at the last second.
dialog: West has now found his rhythm...
text: He swings and shovel and connects with... first, the
dialog: foot, then the chin, and last but not least, the head --
text: BOINK! West drops the shovel and, World Wrestling
text: Federation style, picks him up and hurls him into the
dialog: space between the gears. We won't see him anymore!
text: West pivots and WHACK!... Shovel Guy plants a neat
text: little roundhouse kick squarely on West's jaw. West
text: backs up and catches another in the stomach. Then...
dialog: Shovel Guy really shows what he's made of...
text: He does a series of jump-kicks, round-houses and fan-
text: kicks into the air. All perfectly timed, all deadly.
speaker_heading: SHOVEL GUY
dialog: I learned that from a Chinaman.
text: West, without missing a beat, steps on the shovel, which
text: flips into his hand and -- WHACK! -- lands a clean one
text: right on the top of Shovel Guy's melon.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I just made that up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109D.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: (4) 202
text: Shovel Guy reels back and tumbles over the railing,
text: through the hole and he's gone...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Don't forget your shovel!
text: West casts the shovel out into the abyss.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (upward)
dialog: Is that all you got for me,
dialog: Loveless?!
text: West, exhausted, turns and sees...
speaker_heading: METAL HEAD
text: all seven feet of him. The top of his head is a metal
text: plate. Extending downward, encircling his eyes. West
text: soaks him in, sighs.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Uh, I just threw my shovel out.
dialog: So this really isn't fair. If
dialog: you don't mind, I'd like to...
text: West, at lightning speed, throws a sucker-punch/spin-
text: ning back-fist to Metal Head's jaw... PING! That one
dialog: really hurt... West's hand, that is. Metal Head isn't
text: fazed a bit. West throws another shot, this time to
text: the gut... PING! Then a kick to the groin... PING!!!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Noooo.
text: Metal Head has had enough. He effortlessly picks West
text: up by his lapels and flings him across the room. West
text: tumbles, and lands right next to...
speaker_heading: WRENCH
text: He picks it up and starts swinging! A shot to the body
text: ... PING! Then another... PING! Then another... PINGGGG!
text: Metal Head lurches forward, absorbing each blow with not
text: so much as a twitch of the eye. West furries... PING!
text: PING! PING! PING!... nothing! He goes for the head...
text: PINNNNNNGGGG!... nothing! West is out of time. He's been
text: backed up as far as he can go. His heels are dangling
text: over the mouth of the beast, a thousand feet above the
text: rocky cliff.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109E.
speaker_heading: 202 CONTINUED: (5) 202
text: Metal head grunts, grimaces and pitches forward, toward
text: West, slowly but menacingly... West braces himself.
speaker_heading: METAL HEAD
dialog: Urrrrrrrrrrggggghhh!!!
text: West side-steps and Metal Head falls face first into
text: the open air.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (downward)
dialog: You guys just don't get out
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 202A INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 202A
text: West slowly gets up. Loveless is about to roll over
text: him. He jumps up in the air, grabs onto an overhead
text: strut, reverses and shoves the wheelchair off the ramp
text: jamming the wheels.
text: A smile comes to West's face as he watches Loveless's
text: frustrated attempts at going forward and backward.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: When you get right down to it,
dialog: Loveless, you just can't beat
text: a good pair of legs.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (thin smile)
dialog: You're obviously not a poker
dialog: player, Mr. West...
text: Loveless presses a button, the sound of MECHANICAL GEARS
text: ENGAGING. Suddenly four metal legs appear from underneath
text: the wheelchair, raising his body to a height of six foot ten.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
text: Two pair always beats a pair.
text: West stares up at him slack-jawed. Loveless rolls up his
text: sleeves, steps away from the wheelchair ready to fight.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Now... Was it someone particularly
dialog: close to you who perished in that
dialog: military action?
text: West responds with a roundhouse kick to the chin that
text: makes Loveless spin around on the platform of his chair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 110.
speaker_heading: 202A CONTINUED: 202A
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Hmmm. Well, that hit a nerve.
text: Loveless imitates West by kicking with a lightning flash
text: of an alloy leg. It's a rib cracker that sends West
dialog: sprawling.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: A mother, perhaps? A father?
scene_heading: CLOSE - WEST'S HAND
text: He's just trying to get up when a cleated metal foot
text: stomps down with hundreds of foot pounds per square inch.
text: As West screams in pain...
scene_heading: 203 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 203
text: Gordon tries to come to West's aid, but Amazonia points
text: a gun barrel at his temple. Gordon can only watch
text: helplessly as...
scene_heading: 204 INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 204
text: Loveless begins a metallic-flamenco, hands on his hips,
text: his piston-like legs kicking West's body and head.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: It feels so good to stretch my
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED: 204
text: West can't take much more of this, he's about to pass
text: out. Loveless lowers his alloy foot over West's head and
text: begins to crush it like a grape.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: I likes to beat my feet on the
dialog: Mississippi mud!
scene_heading: 205 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 205
text: Gordon watches in a tortured sweat as his partner tries
text: to hold off the metal foot. But he's slowly losing.
text: Gordon turns to his female captors, throws his arms out
text: beseechingly. When he does, the derringer comes snapping
text: out of his sleeve in the device which normally holds his
dialog: pen.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Stop this violence!
text: Gordon blinks at the gun. So do Lippenreider and
text: Amazonia. Grant knows what to say, if Gordon doesn't.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Drop 'em.
text: They obey, chucking their guns overboard.
scene_heading: 206 INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 206
text: West's eyes are popping out of his head, the mechanical
text: pressure of Loveless's leg.
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: Stop or I'll shoot!
text: If possible, West's eyes pop even further. Gordon shoot?
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - LOVELESS
text: looks up to see Gordon holding the derringer on him from
text: up above.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: You expect to kill me with that
dialog: little pea shooter?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: If I have to. Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 10/7/98 112.
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED: 206
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Why is it, that I'm unafraid?
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: I believe you gentlemen are the
dialog: polar opposites of a moral
dialog: dilemma and I'm stuck in the
dialog: middle. On one end, we have
dialog: Mr. West, a man of primitive
text: vigours uncomplicated by
dialog: intellect. And on the other,
dialog: there's Mr. Gordon. A man of
dialog: ideas, but unlike myself, lacks
dialog: the passion to kill for them.
dialog: He'd like to be able to act his
dialog: way out of it. And for some
dialog: reason when he's actin', someone
dialog: always seems to get killed.
text: Loveless puts more pressure on West's head, he groans.
dialog: Gordon aims.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: Shoot him, Gordon...!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: I'm right about you, aren't I,
dialog: Gordon? And that's why I'm
dialog: gonna kill your friend here.
dialog: Then I'm going to kill you.
text: POP! The SHOT startles Loveless, West and even Gordon.
text: But when Loveless realizes that he's not hit, he laughs.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: After all that, you missed.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Not exactly.
text: He gestures down Loveless's legs to a punctured metal
text: tube that's spraying a stream of hydraulic fluid all over
text: the deck -- rendering the foot on West's head, powerless.
text: West gets out from under, rubs his neck to regain
dialog: circulation.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Better than a fountain pen, don't
dialog: you think.
dialog: (nods behind Gordon)
dialog: By the way, your chivalry's about
dialog: to be tested.
text: Gordon turns to see...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 7/1/98 113.
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED: (2) 206
scene_heading: ANGLE - AMAZONIA AND LIPPENREIDER
text: Charging him. They smash into him, driving him to the
text: rail. As they pummel him, trying to throw him over,
text: Gordon realizes this is no time for passivity. He
text: retaliates with a series of chops and kicks that would
text: make West proud. Over the rail, goes Lippenreider. In
text: that split-second before she drops, Gordon mouths
dialog: "bye-bye."
text: Before he can savor the moment further, Amazonia clubs
text: him from behind. Gordon whirls and hits her so hard it
text: surprises them both. Over the railing she goes! As
text: Amazonia hovers there, President Grant gives her the
text: kick in the pants she needs to go sailing.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (to Gordon, impressed)
dialog: We'll be joining them in a moment
dialog: if you can't stop that thing!
scene_heading: 207 EXT. TARANTULA - BRIDGE - DUSK 207
text: Gordon turns to see Grant gesturing at the horizon. His
text: eyes widen when he sees the flat mesa they are travelling
text: comes to a sudden halt at a 1000 foot cliff.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Let's see how clever you really
dialog: are...
text: Gordon frantically starts pulling this lever and that.
dialog: Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: 208 OMITTED 208
scene_heading: 209 INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 209
text: West approaches Loveless. There's going to be some
dialog: payback.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: For almost four long years I've
dialog: been trackin' the animal
dialog: responsible for the Massacre at
dialog: New Liberty. And I hear that's you...
text: But with the hydraulic fluid, the fight has gone out of
text: Loveless. His mechanical legs shrivel before our eyes,
text: and Loveless sinks helplessly to the deck like the
dialog: Wicked Witch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 114.
speaker_heading: 209 CONTINUED: 209
text: Whimpering pathetically, he uncouples his body from the
text: useless contraption and slowly backs up to his wheelchair
text: that's stuck against the railing.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Please, West... show a little mercy
dialog: to a poor defenseless cripple...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (imitating his accent)
dialog: Now, now, Doctor... let's not cloud
dialog: this otherwise sunny day with that
dialog: poor-ol'-me-cripple-talk. Just
dialog: buck up and say to yourself, 'I am
dialog: indefatigably hard-pumpin' and
dialog: steely!'
text: Loveless gets to his wheelchair and collapses in it.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: After I kill ya, I swear I'm gonna
dialog: boil you down to axle grease!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Now that's the ol' doctor I know!
text: But the smile fades from West's face when he sees Loveless's
text: shotgun armrests pop out leveled at his waist.
text: West has nowhere to go but up as he leaps to grab the
text: I-beam over his head just as Loveless pulls the triggers
text: on both BARRELS... BOOM! BOOM!
text: The SHOTS almost blow the heels off West's boots. They
text: PUNCTURE a PIPE behind him. Steam spews out. This is
text: going to have an effect on something.
scene_heading: 210 EXT. TARANTULA BRIDGE - DUSK 210
text: Gordon and Grant are trying different combinations to
text: stop the thing. Finally, Gordon throws up his hands.
text: He doesn't know what else to try when suddenly the
text: Tarantula seizes up as if it just had a heart attack
text: and tilts forward.
scene_heading: 211 EXT. CLIFF - EDGE - DUSK 211
text: The Tarantula lurches forward drastically and teeter-
text: totters on the brink.
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 114A.
scene_heading: 212 INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 212
text: The sudden stopping jerks Loveless' wheelchair free.
text: Despite his frantic efforts, he's rolling toward the
text: opposite railing. When the wheelchair hits a pool of
text: hydraulic fluid on the deck, it spins him around 180
dialog: degrees.
text: West jumps up, grabs a girder. The wheelchair spins
text: under West's legs and then -- CLANK -- it slams into
text: the railing and wedges there.
scene_heading: 213 EXT. CLIFF EDGE - DUSK 213
text: The impact makes the mighty beast jerk forward, inches
text: away from toppling over.
scene_heading: 214 INT. TARANTULA - BELOW DECK - DUSK 214
text: The jolt shoots West off the girder. He free-falls
text: through the belly and out into the open air. Thinking
text: quickly, he grabs onto the back of Loveless' wheel-
text: chair. His arms nearly torn from their sockets. His
text: weight causes the wheelchair to shift, now leaving it
text: hanging on by a thread. West reaches out, grabs the
text: wheel of the chair and hangs there.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle.
dialog: How did we arrive in this dark
dialog: situation?
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: I don't know. Guess I'm stumped!
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: And I'm so cotton-pickin' afraid
dialog: of heights. They just give me the
dialog: spooks!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Ah, don't be afraid, Loveless.
dialog: With this being the last leg of
dialog: our journey and all, you should
dialog: soak in the view, you're really
dialog: missing something.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Mister West, I'm gonna cut this
dialog: conversation short...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Good one, Loveless. I didn't think
dialog: of that one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 114B.
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED: 214
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Mister West!!! I am faced with a
dialog: difficult decision here. On one
dialog: hand, there is the overwhelming
dialog: love that I have for myself, and
text: on the other, the raw, seething
dialog: hatred I have for you! Now, I
dialog: could kill you very easily, just
dialog: by pulling this lever...
text: He moves the joystick. The chair jerks back.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: But, of course, I would die along
dialog: with you. I guess the only thing
dialog: that I can take comfort in is the
dialog: hope that you would hit those
dialog: rocks a second before me and I
dialog: could enjoy immeasurable bliss
dialog: before I vanish.
dialog: (moving joystick
dialog: back and forth)
dialog: What to do, what to do...
text: West grabs the joystick.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Allow me to make that decision
dialog: easy on you, Loveless. Because
dialog: I want to see you dead a hell of
dialog: a lot more than I want to live.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Why is it that I have a sneaking
dialog: suspicion, that although you are
dialog: as black as the night on the
dialog: outside... inside, you are yellow?!
text: They lock eyes. A beat.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: You don't have it in you, do you...
dialog: boy?!
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: You were right. Let's cut this
dialog: conversation short!
text: West yanks the joystick back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/97 114C.
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED: 214
scene_heading: ANGLE - LOVELESS
text: his eyes widen. The wheels spin for a second, finally
text: catch, and in a flash, Loveless and West free-fall into
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: LOVELESS
dialog: Weeeeeeeeeest!!!!
dialog: A beat, then...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CHAIN
text: which is dangling from the belly of the beast. At
text: the bottom of the chain is the Knife Guy from the fight
text: scene. West is hanging on to his ankles, enjoying a
text: vindictive, belly laugh.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: (downward)
dialog: Now that looked like it hurt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 215 OMITTED 215
scene_heading: 216 EXT. PROMONTORY POINT - CLOSE ON GOLDEN SPIKE - DAY 216
text: It's driven finally into place to a rousing cheer. PULL
text: BACK to reveal that President Grant, his sleeves rolled
text: up, has delivered the blow.
text: Hats in the air, handshakes, pictures. The specter of
text: Loveless and his evil plot a fading memory.
text: Grant turns to West and Gordon.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: Gentlemen, I now strongly believe
dialog: the United States is going to be
dialog: truly united. Not because of this
dialog: railroad... but because of you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 7/1/98 115A.
speaker_heading: 216 CONTINUED: 216
text: Grant scans the crowd, every race seems present at this
text: momentous event. He reaches into his pocket, takes out
text: two silver shields.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I've signed into law the creation
dialog: of an agency whose sole duty is to
dialog: protect the President and the
dialog: country from lunatics like
dialog: Loveless.
dialog: (pins badges on
dialog: their vests)
dialog: Welcome to the Secret Service,
dialog: Agents No. 1 and No. 2.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 216 CONTINUED: 216
text: The President shakes both their hands. Gordon resists
text: looking down.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Uh, just out of curiosity, sir...
dialog: who's Agent No. 1?
dialog: Grant just shakes his head, some things never change.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: I don't think that matters very
dialog: much, do you? Gordon? Besides,
dialog: you'll have plenty of time to
dialog: discuss it on your new assignment.
dialog: (hands them piece
dialog: of paper)
dialog: See you back in Washington.
text: He snaps off a salute, starts to go as they read it.
text: Gordon looks up, very troubled.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: But, sir... what about our train?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT GRANT
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: Well, I'm taking it of course.
dialog: Hell, you let Loveless blow up
dialog: mine.
text: As they look at one another in dismay...
speaker_heading: RITA (O.S.)
dialog: Jim... Arte...?
text: They turn to see Rita approaching them from a crowd of
text: scientists. She's looking extraordinarily fetching
text: in a print dress and parasol.
text: West and Gordon sit up like dogs.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Rita! You look great.
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: Ravishing, a vision.
text: She hugs West, she hugs Gordon. Who's it gonna be?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I just wanted to thank you for
dialog: everything you've done for me...
dialog: before I went back home to Texas.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 216 CONTINUED: (2) 216
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Texas? Why're you going back
dialog: there? Why don't you come with me
dialog: back to Washington?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Or better still, come with me to
dialog: Washington. I could introduce you
dialog: to people I still know in the
dialog: theater...
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: She's not really an entertainer,
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (intercedes)
dialog: I can't go with either of you.
text: She looks from one crestfallen suitor to the other.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: It's not that you both don't have
dialog: your attributes.
dialog: (to Gordon)
dialog: You're so sophisticated and such a
dialog: wonderful cook.
dialog: (to West)
dialog: Jim, you're good with a gun... and
dialog: have great legs.
dialog: (to both)
dialog: And you're both so brave. But...
dialog: I'm afraid I haven't been
dialog: completely honest with you.
speaker_heading: WEST AND GORDON
dialog: Uh-oh...
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Professor Escobar's not my father.
dialog: He's my husband.
text: She gestures to a handsome goateed Latino waiting for
dialog: her. Shaved and cleaned up, he's not the old man we
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Rita... why didn't you just tell
dialog: us that in the first place?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 216 CONTINUED: (3) 216
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Well, I was going to... but would
dialog: you have really brought me along
dialog: if I said I was married?
dialog: Honestly.
text: Neither West nor Gordon knows what to say.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I didn't think so.
text: She turns and starts to walk away. Stops and smiles.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: At least you still have each
dialog: other.
text: As West and Gordon look at one another...
scene_heading: 217 EXT. MONUMENT VALLEY - SUNSET 217
text: We gaze out over one of those achingly beautiful John
text: Ford vistas as we hear our heroes voices.
speaker_heading: WEST (O.S.)
dialog: You know, Arte...
speaker_heading: GORDON (O.S.)
dialog: What's that, Jim?
speaker_heading: WEST (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe Rita's right...
text: Suddenly intruding into the f.g. is a huge metal leg.
text: Then another LEG CLOMPS down... and the Tarantula comes
text: INTO FULL VIEW. As our heroes ride slowly into the
dialog: sunset.
speaker_heading: WEST
dialog: Besides... there's a lot of
dialog: other women in the world.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That's easy for you to say. She
dialog: didn't walk off with your best
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
