dialog: 
speaker_heading: BS
scene_heading: WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION
dialog: Theme Pictures, Inc.
dialog: and
dialog: Arthur Hornblow Productions, Inc.
dialog: Final Script
dialog: June 10, 1957
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Billy Wilder
dialog: and
dialog: Harry Kurnitz
dialog: Producer: Arthur Hornbliow, Jr.
dialog: Director: Billy Wilder
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: 1.
scene_heading: WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION
scene_heading: COURTROOM NO. 1 - THE OLD BAILEY
text: A.marder trial 1s about to begin. The venerable chamber
text: of British justice is filled. The participents for the
text: Prosecution and Defense are in their pleces. So is the
text: jury. So are the spectators. Only the Prisoner's Dock
text: and raised seats of the Judge and city dignitaries are
text: still vacant. Three knocks from a wooden mallet are heard.
text: An usher rises and calls out, "SILENCE!" Everyone stands.
text: & door opens and the Judicial procession solemnly enters:
dialog: the Sheriff, the City Marshal, .the Mace-Bearer, the
text: Sword-Bearer, the Lord Mayor, and finally, the Judge. All
text: in full regalia.
text: The usher beneath the witness box, delivers the opening
dialog: proclamation:
speaker_heading: USHER
text: SILENCE! BE UPSTANDING IN COURT!
text: ALL PERSONS WHO HAVE ANYTHING
text: FURTHER TO DO BEFORE MY LORDS
text: THE QUEEN'S JUSTICES OF OYER AND
scene_heading: TERMINER AND GENERAL GAOL
scene_heading: DELIVERY FOR THE JURISDICTION OF
scene_heading: THE GENERAL CRIMINAL COURT DRAW
dialog: NEAR AND GIVE YOUR ATTENTION.
dialog: GOD SAVE THE QUEEN! .
text: The CAMERA has begun to move in slowly on the bench. As
dialog: the dignitaries take their pleces we superimpose the
text: CREDIT TITIZS. The Sword-Rearer affixes the Sword, point
text: upmost, above the centrel chsir, The Judge bows first
text: to the Jury, then to the Ber, finally to those with him on
text: the Bench. He sits. Everybody fol3ows suit. The trial
dialog: hes begun.
text: Meanwhile, the CAMERA has moved in on the gleaming sword
text: and holds there until the last of the Credits FADES OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: —-
dialog: 2.
dialog: 3.
dialog: s
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: LONDON SQUARE (Day)
text: A bobby, framed very large 4n the foreground, is
text: directing traffic. Among the moving cars, quite
text: conspicuous, is a vintage high-bodied Rolis Royce.
scene_heading: INT, OF ROLLS-ROYCE (DAY)
text: A vintage chauffeur is @riving. In the back
text: seat are SIR WILFRID ROBARTS and his’ nurse,
text: MISS PLIMSOLL. Sir Wilfrid is sixty, pele, ill-
text: tempered. A lap robe is tucked around his legs.
dialog: He has been quite ill. That accounts for the
text: uniformed nurse, Miss Plimsoll: she is forty-
text: five, brisk, unbearebly chatty.
speaker_heading: yaIss PLIMSOLL
text: tlooking out the
dialog: window).
dialog: What a beautiful dey! I've
dialog: ‘been hoping thet we'd have
dialog: a bit of sun for our home-
dialog: coming. I elways say it's
dialog: worth having all the fog
dialog: just to appreciate the
dialog: sunshine. Is there too
dialog: mach of a draught? Shall I
dialog: roll up the window?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Just roll up your mouth, You
dialog: talk too mch. If I'd known
dialog: how much you talked I would
dialog: never have come out of my coma.
dialog: (pushing down ~.
dialog: the lap-robe)
dialog: Tis thing welghs a ton.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Now, now -- we've been flat on
dialog: our back for two months -- we'd
dialog: petter be careful!
text: She has pulled up the robe and tries to tuck him in
text: again. He slaps her hand.
scene_heading: THE GATE OF LINCOIN's INN (DAY)
text: fhe Porter at the gate recognizes the Rolls, salutes
text: Sir Wilfrid and waves the car through.
dialog: 5.
dialog: 6.
dialog: To
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: EXT, LINCOLN's INN (my)
text: The Rolls proceeds through the Square. It is all
text: very sedate: the old buildings wearing ivy and
text: some barristers wearing robes and wigs.
scene_heading: INT. ROLIS-ROY CE (Dax)
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (peering out)
dialog: Lovely! It must be perfectly
dialog: lovely to live and work in the
dialog: Inns of Court. How lucky you
dialog: lawyers are!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I almost married a lewyer once.
dialog: I was in attendance when he hed,
dialog: his appendectomy. We became
dialog: engaged as soon as he could sit
text: up. But then peritonitis set in
dialog: He went like that. .
dialog: (snaps her fingers)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: He certainly was a lucky lawyer!
scene_heading: Ext, SIR WILFRID'S BUILDING (DAY)
text: The Rolls pulls up before a dignified corner puilding’
text: occupied by many barristers. The chauffeur jumps out,
text: opens the door. Miss Plimsoll emerges, holds out 4
text: helping hand to Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Teeny-weeny steps, now Sir ~
dialog: Wilfrid. We must remember -- we
text: hed a teeny-weeny heart attack.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (ignoring her hand)
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: (to the chauffeur)
dialog: Williams, my cane.
text: Williams hands him an invalid's cane, with-subber tip.
text: He starts briskly for the stone steps leading to the
text: entrance. In background, Williams is taking luggage
text: from the boot.
dialog: 8.
dialog: ,
scene_heading: THE ANTEROOM OF SIR WILFRID'S CHAMBERS (DAY)
text: A serious room. The decor’ is old and oaky. So are
text: the three female employees, Miss McHugh, Miss Johnson
text: and Miss O'Brien. Doors lead to Sir Wilfridts private
text: office and to the offices of his clerk and juniors.
text: A staircase rises to the floor above, where Sir
text: Wilfrid's living quarters are situated. -
text: Miss Johnson hes been leaning out the window. She
text: turns back into the room, excited.
speaker_heading: MISS JOHNSON
dialog: Here he comes!
text: There 1s instant activity. Miss O'Brien rings a
text: handbell.. CARTER, Sir Wilfrid's elderly clerk,
text: rushes out from his own room. A charwoman comes
text: down the staircase. Miss McHugh has taken
text: a bouquet of flowers from a file cabinet. They line
text: up in a rehearsed formation, facing the door. Sir
text: Wilfrid enters rapidly, followed by Miss Plimsoll
dialog: and Williams.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Good afternoon.
text: He proceeds toward his office, ignoring the
text: reception line-up. In passing he whisks the
text: flowers from Miss McHugh's hand.
speaker_heading: STR WILFRID
dialog: Thank you very mch, Everybody
text: back to work.
speaker_heading: MISS MCHUGH
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, please -- if you
dialog: dontt mind -- I would like to
dialog: read a little poem which we have ~
dialog: composed to welcome you <=
text: She has whipped out a long sheet of legal-size paper,
text: typewritten on both sides.
speaker_heading: SIR WILERID
dialog: (interrupting) :
dialog: Very touching, Miss McHugh. You
dialog: can recite it after office hours,
dialog: on your own time. Now back to work.
text: He starts for his room, sees Miss O'Brien sobbing, her
text: cheeks streaked with tears.
speaker_heading: SIR. WILFRID
dialog: What's the matter with you?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8.
dialog: 9.
dialog: 5s
speaker_heading: MISS O'BRIEN
dialog: Nothing ---- I'm just happy that
dialog: youtre your old self again,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (a. sweeping gesture
dialog: with his cane)
dialog: One more manifestation of such
dialog: sentimentality -- whether in -
dialog: poetry or prose -- and I shell
text: instantly go back to the hospital.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Not very likely. They won't take
dialog: you back,
dialog: (to the staff)
dialog: He wasn't really discharged, you
dialog: \mow -= he was expelled. For con-
text: duct. unbecoming 2 cardiec patient.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: put these in water --
dialog: (shoving the
dialog: flovers at her)
dialog: Blabbermouth!
dialog: (to his cleric)
dialog: Come on in, Carter.
text: He goes on into his office, followed by Carter. .
scene_heading: Int. SIR WILFRID'S PRIVATE OFFICE DAY
text: A large, somber room of faded elegance. On one wall is
text: a painting of Sir Wilfrid in wig and gown, Sir Wilfrid
text: enters, puts a monocle suspended from a black ribbon
text: in his eye, and looks about. Behind him, Carter closes
text: the padded door.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID “
dialog: Look at this room! it's really
dialog: extraordinarily ugly! Very old ,
dialog: and very misty, end I never knew ;
dialog: I could miss anything so mech!
dialog: : (tarning to Carter)
dialog: Missed you, too, you msty ole
dialog: puzzard.
speaker_heading: . CARTER
dialog: Thank you, Sir. ‘Itm not a religious
dialog: man, Sir Wilfrid, but when they © .
dialog: carted you off in that ambulance, I
text: went out and lit a candle.
dialog: 9.
dialog: He crosses
dialog: container,
dialog: Carter has
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: ( touched) :
dialog: Why, thank you, Carter.
speaker_heading: an CARTER
dialog: Actually, sir, I was lighting it
dialog: for myself. If anything happened
dialog: to you, what would happen to me -~= °
dialog: after thirty-seven years.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (taking the monocle
dialog: from his eye)
dialog: Thirty-seven years? Has it been
dialog: that long, Carter.
speaker_heading: . CARTER
dialog: Yes, sir. This is 1952 and that
dialog: was in October, 1915. The Shepherd's
dialog: Bush mrder. The chemist accused
dialog: of putting cyanide in his uncle's
dialog: tooth-paste.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: My first mrder trial, I was more
dialog: frightened than the defendant. ‘The
dialog: first time I rose to make an object-
dialog: ion, my wig fell off.
dialog: {with the monocle
dialog: agein)
dialog: Where is. it?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I've guarded it with my life.
text: to a shelf, takes down a battered metal
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I hope it still fits. Lost thirty
text: pounds in that wretched hospital.
dialog: Still, I dare say my heed isn't
dialog: any smiler,
dialog: opened the container and Sir Wilfrid lifts
text: out a barrister's wig. Some white pellets fall to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: STR WILFRID
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Wetve put it in moth balls.
dialog: o
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 9
dialog: Te
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Moth balls? Am I not to practice
dialog: again?!
speaker_heading: . CARTER :
dialog: Of course, you are, The solicitors
dialog: have been breaking down our doors.
dialog: I've lined up some very interesting
dialog: briefs for you, sir.
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: That's better.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (pointing to three
dialog: envelopes on the
dialog: desk)
dialog: A divorce case, a tax appeal, and
dialog: an important marine insurance claim.
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Theytre nice, smooth matters -— with
dialog: excellent fees --
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: No, Carter!
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but you are not to
dialog: undertake any criminal cases -~
dialog: not any more, Your doctors.e...
speaker_heading: ‘SIR WILFRID
dialog: Doctors] <-= they've deprived me of ~
dialog: everything: alcohol, tobacco, femle
dialog: companionship -- if only they would
dialog: let.me function in my work ... on
dialog: Something worthwhile --
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Sorry, Sir Wilfrid,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: You might as well get a bigger box,
dialog: Carter, more moth balls, and-put me
text: away, too.
dialog: : 8.
text: 3. Te door has opened. Miss Plimsoll pokes her head
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: : MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Tvo-thirty, Sir Wilfrid. Time
dialog: for our little nap.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (unswerving,
dialog: Beddy-bye. We'd better go ups tairs
dialog: now, get undressed and lie down.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: We? What a nauseating prospect!
speaker_heading: . MIsS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Upstairs, please.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: : Are you aware, Miss Plimsoll, that
dialog: rf while on my sickbed I seriously
dialog: (7 considered strangling you with
dialog: . one of your own rubber tubes? I
dialog: : would then have admitted the crime,
dialog: retained myself for the defense.
text: (claps his wig on his
dialog: head, assuming the role
dialog: of England's. foremost
dialog: advocate)
dialog: My Tord and Members of the Jury}
dialog: I hereby enter a plea of justifiable
dialog: homicide. For four months this
dialog: alleged Angel of Mercy has subjected
dialog: me to every conceivable indignity
dialog: of the flesh and the spirit. She ~
text: has pawec, probed, punctured, pillaged
dialog: and plundered my helpless. body while
dialog: tormenting my mind with 4 steady drip
dialog: of the most revolting baby talk --
text: Miss Plimsoll gently lifts the wig off his head and
text: takes him by the arm
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Come along now, like a good boy.
speaker_heading: oa SIR WILFRID °
dialog: Take your hand off me, Miss Plimsoll,
dialog: or I shall strike you with my cane.
text: he raises his cane)
dialog: yy
dialog: 9
dialog: 10.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: oh, youtd never do that -- you
dialog: might break your cigars.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: Cigars? --- what cigars?
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: The ones you're smiggling in your
dialog: cane.
text: She pujis the rubber tip from the cane. Three coronas
text: fall out of the hollow cane.
dialog: sir
dialog: (blus tering)
dialog: You <= you could be jailed for
dialog: this -- you had no search warrant
dialog: for my cane.
dialog: (
dialog: In the hospital he'd hide cigars and
dialog: brendy sll over the place, We called
dialog: him Wilfred the Fox,
dialog: (she picks up the
dialog: cigars
dialog: I'm confiscating these.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Can't I have just one? Just a few
dialog: puffs, after meals? 1] Please?
speaker_heading: MIsS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (teaetme bh him out)
dialog: Ups tairs$
scene_heading: THE ANTEROOM DAY
text: Miss Flimsoll leads Sir Wilfrid to the staircase,
text: Carter following.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (mttering to Carter)
dialog: ..ooe Itll do it! ... some dark night
text: when her back is turned Ifl1 snatch
text: her thermometer and plunge it between
text: her misshapen shoulder blades ese so
dialog: help me!
text: He is about to mount the stairs when Carter stops him.
dialog: | 10.
dialog: ~~.
scene_heading: f 10. CARTER
dialog: on, no, sir, you mstn't walk up.
dialog: Wetve installed something for you
dialog: here, .
dialog: (pulling out the seat
dialog: of an inclinator)
dialog: It's a lift, sir. .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: A lift! Whet nonsense! I'm getting
dialog: a bit sick of this plot to make me a
dialog: helpless invelid.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: I think it's a splendid idea, Let's
dialog: try it, shall we?
text: She is about to plant herself on the seat when Sir
text: Wilfrid shoulders her aside.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID ~
dialog: I'll try 1t. It is my lift, be-
dialog: ‘Cause it wes my heart attack.
text: <_ He waves her away, then settles himself in the seat.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Simply press this putton for up,
dialog: and this one for down,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (pressing the white
dialog: button) —
dialog: Carter, I warn you, if this contrap-
dialog: tion should collapse -- if the
dialog: barrister should fall off the
dialog: banister -- -.
text: He is already sailing up, Miss Plimsoll trotting after
text: him. He arrives at the top of the stairs, beaming.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: This is remarkable, Carter.
dialog: Smoothest flight I've had in
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: ( noe PLIMS OLL
dialog: reac’ for his
dialog: aa arm) °
dialog: ~ Upsy-daisy3
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Just once more -- to get the feel
dialog: of. the controls.
dialog: 10.
dialog: 10A.
dialog: 11.
text: Before she can stop him, he has pressed the button and
text: sails down egain.
text: Prom the bottom of the staircase, Carter is watching his
text: master's enjoyment of the new toy. The door behind him
text: opens and two visitors enter the law offices, They are
dialog: MR. MAYHEW, e man of Sir Wilfrid's age, a respectable
text: London solicitor from his high collar to the tip of his
text: tightly rolled umbrella. ‘The other man is LEONARD VOLE:
text: young, attrective, wearing a sports coat and slecks.-- ~
text: quite out of place in this stronghold of the bowler hat,
text: the brief case and the striped pants.
speaker_heading: CLOSER SHOT
text: Mayhew is about to speak to 4 typist, then sees Carter.
text: He gestures to Vole to wait. Vole lights a cigarette
text: while Meyhew walks up to Carter.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: Good afternoon, Carter, Would
dialog: it be possible to see Sir Wilfrid?
dialog: Itm sorry I didn't ring up for an
dialog: appointment, but this is urgent.
speaker_heading: CARTER ~
dialog: If it's about 2 brief, Mr. Mayhew,
dialog: I'm sorry, but we're full up. Sir
dialog: Wilfrid hes all thet he can handle.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: I'm sure he'll want this brief -
dialog: (nodding toward Vole
dialog: and lowering his voice)
dialog: -~ Serious criminal matter.
text: The typists look up at Vole, eyeing him curiously.
text: He smiles uncomfortably in return..
speaker_heading: CARTER .
dialog: Absolutely not, Mr. Mayhew,
dialog: (behind him, Sir
text: Wilfrid slides into
dialog: SHOT. in the inclin-
dialog: ator)
text: Sir Wilfrid is still convalescent.
dialog: He cannot possibly accept anything
dialog: of an overstimieting nature. .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: They've put me on a’ diet of bland
dialog: civil suits. Hello, Mayhew.
dialog: c
dialog: 10A.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: Hello, Wilfrid, This is very dis-
dialog: ressing news about your health.
speaker_heading: , SIR WILFRID
dialog: Distressing? It's tregic} You'd
dialog: better get yourself a younger man, .
text: with younger arteries.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: If you could give us just a few
dialog: mimites. My client is right here.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: This is Mr. Leonard Vole. He's
dialog: in rather a ghastly mess, I'm
dialog: afraid,
speaker_heading: ‘SIR WILFRID
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Vole.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (with an engaging smile)
dialog: Well, according to Mr. Mayhew, I'm
dialog: not doing at ail welll
text: For an instant Wilfrid looks at him with interest.
text: at the top of the stairs an impatient Miss Plimsoll
text: claps her hands..
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (calling down)
dialog: Sir Wilfrid! You're dawdling again!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (right back at her)
dialog: Shut up! -
dialog: (to Mayhew)
dialog: Sorry, Mayhew. ‘Try me again some
dialog: day, when you have something not
dialog: too stimlat: e-- like a postman
text: bitten by a stray doge
text: He has pressed the button and is going up’ again.
text: Suddenly, 2s he is looking down at Meyhew, his
text: . attention is Grawn to something. He puts the
text: monocie in his eye for a better view.
text: It 4s two cigers protruding from Mayhew's breast pocket.
speaker_heading: MAYHEST :
dialog: Well, I wish you could help us,
dialog: Wilfrid, but I quite understand.
dialog: Take care.
dialog: . (turns to go)
dialog: oe
dialog: e@
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 10a.
dialog: 13.
text: Sir Wilfrid, rising on the inclinator, presses the stop
text: putton abruptly. Then the down button, and the inclin-
text: ator starts down.
speaker_heading: : SIR WILFRID
dialog: Mayhew! Mayhew!
text: Mayhew and Vole have turned to go. They turn back. Sir
text: Wilfrid has come down on the inclinator and jumps up from
dialog: the seat.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Come back here, Mayhew}
speaker_heading: . * CARTER
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, please -~
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Don't worry, Carter, we won't take
dialog: the brief. But Mr. Mayhew 4s an
text: old friend and he needs help.
dialog: Surely, if I can give him a word
dialog: of advice --~- :
dialog: (he has opened the
dialog: door to his own office
dialog: “and beckons)
dialog: Come in, I'll give you five minutes.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: That's very kind of you, Wilfrid.
text: He and Vole are about to follow Sir Wilfrid into his
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (drawing Mayhew
dialog: 4nto the room)
dialog: it vou don't mind, Mayhew, just you
dialog: and I.
text: Miss Plimsoll, out of breath, runs down the stairs and
dialog: up to Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: Miss PLIMSOLL
dialog: Sir Wilfrid -- our nap}
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You go shead -- start it without
dialog: me.
text: He follows Mayhew in, closing the door in her face.
speaker_heading: MISS’ PLIMSOLL
dialog: This is your fault, Mr. Carter -- you
dialog: should not have permitted it}
dialog: 10A.
dialog: 14,
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: It 4s not my fault!
dialog: with a sha
dialog: look at Vole
dialog: I distinctly told Sir Wilfrid ~- no
dialog: eriminal cases.
speaker_heading: VOLE .
dialog: If itts anyone's fault, I expect its
dialog: ‘mine. It seems silly to me, but
dialog: Mr. Mayhew thinks it's very urgent -
dialog: he thinks I may be srrested at any
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: MIss PLIMSOLL
dialog: Arrested for what?
speaker_heading: "VOLE"
dialog: Well -- for mrder.
text: He smiles engagingly. They stare at him, trying to
text: reconcile his ost ettractive appearance with what he
dialog: has just told them,
scene_heading: INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
text: Mayhew is seated in one of the visitor's chairs, relating
text: the cage. Sir Wilfrid is circling him like a bird dog,
text: his eyes: glued to the cigars in Mayhew's pocket.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: -- it's the case of Mrs. Emily French.
dialog: You have probably seen the reports in
dialog: the Press. She was a middle-aged
text: widow, rather well-off, living with a
dialog: housekeeper in Hampstead. Mr. Vole
dialog: had been with her earlier in the even-
dialog: ing. When the housekeeper returned
dialog: from her day off at eleven P.M. she
text: found her mistress dead -- struck on
text: the back of the head and killed.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I see cee
dialog: (he doesn't; his mind
dialog: is on the cigars)
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
text: Vole seems a harmless chap -- caught
text: in a web of circumstantial evidence -~
dialog: perhaps if I gave you some more of the
dialog: details, you might suggest the strongest
dialog: line of defense --
dialog: . ce : . ~v
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I coulda probably think better
dialog: if you gave me one of those
dialog: ecigarse
speaker_heading: . MAYHEW
dialog: Of coursee
dialog: (handing him one)
dialog: There are naturally no previous
dialog: convictions, he 1s a man of good
dialog: character, with an excellent war
dialog: record == you would like him
dialog: a lote
text: sir Wilfrid has torn off the band, bitten off the end
text: of the cigar and is searching frantically on his desk,
dialog: and in the drawers for a matchs
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: They've confiscated the matches»
dialog: tooe (to Mayhew)
dialog: A light, please <- give me a
dialog: lighte
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: {fumbling in his
dialog: pockets)
dialog: As I see it, the defense
dialog: may turn on establishing
dialog: alibi for the evening of the
dialog: murder ==
dialog: (no matches)
dialog: Sorry -- I haven't any matches-
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Let me get somes
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (holding him back)
dialog: Lord, no You don't know
dialog: Miss Piimsoll. This will take
dialog: all our cunning. ~.
text: He pauses to formulate a plan, then palms the cigar and
text: opens the doore
scene_heading: THE ANTEROOM DAY
text: Sir Wilfrid stands in the doorway with a benign and
dialog: innocent expressione
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (beckoning to Vole)
dialog: Young man -- your solicitor and
dialog: I feel that you may be able to
dialog: enlighten me on a rather '
dialog: important point --
speaker_heading: VOLE :
dialog: - (erossing to the door)
dialog: Yes, sir. Anything at ell.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: - (desperate; advancing)
dialog: Really, Sir Wilfrid --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You're not in bed yet? UPSTAIRS!
text: He ushers in Vole, then slams. the door in her frustrated
dialog: face.
scene_heading: INT, SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
text: Sir Wilfrid turns instantly on Vole.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Give me a match,
speaker_heading: VOIE
dialog: Sorry -- I never carry them,
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: (crushed)
dialog: WHAT?!
dialog: (to Mayhew)
dialog: And you said Itd like him?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Itve got a lighter.
dialog: (produces it)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: {snatching the lighter) -
dialog: You're right, Mayhew -- I do
dialog: like hin,
dialog: (gleefully, as he 1s
dialog: = warming the ciger on
dialog: the lighter flame)
dialog: Can you imagine Miss Plimsoll's
dialog: face if she saw me now?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Let's make absolutely sure
dialog: she doesn’t,
dialog: 17. -
text: ( 13. He deliberately lowers the old-fashioned metal cover over
text: the keyhole.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to Meyhew)
dialog: Splendid? All the instincts
dialog: of a skilled criminal. : °
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (modes tly)
dialog: Thank you, sire
text: hey grin at each other.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Young man, you may or may
dialog: not have murdered a middle-aged
dialog: widow, but you have cerita
dialog: saved the life of an elder.
dialog: barrister.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I haven't murdered anybody.
dialog: om It's absurd. But Christine --
dialog: ¢ that's my wife -- she thinks I
dialog: may be implicated and that I
dialog: needed a lawyer. So I went to
dialog: see Mr. Mayhew and now he thinks
dialog: thet he needs a lawyer. So now
dialog: I have two lawyers. Silly,
dialog: isn't 1t?
speaker_heading: . MAYHEW
dialog: Mr. Vole, I am a solicitor.
dialog: Sir Wilfrid is 4 barrister.
dialog: Only a berrister can actually
dialog: plead a case in court. ~.
text: Sir Wilfrid is completely sbsorbed in his cigar, on
text: which an inch of ash has now appeared. He bends back,
text: opening a small drawer in an old file cabinet behind hin,
text: He drops the ash there, then closes the drawer.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to himself, with
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: She shall not even find the
dialog: . ashes.
dialog: (—~ . (to Vole)
dialog: Go on, go on.
dialog: 
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Well, I saw in the papers that
dialog: poor Mrs. French had been found
text: dead, with her head bashed in --
dialog: and then 1¢ said in the papers
dialog: that the police were anxious to
dialog: interview me since I had visited
dialog: Mrs. French that evening -- so
dialog: naturally, I went along to the
dialog: police station.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (interrupting; sharply)
dialog: Did they caution you?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I don't quite know. I mean,
dialog: they asked if I would like to
dialog: make a statement and they would
dialog: write it down, and it might be
dialog: used against me in Court.
dialog: \ (with a shrug)
dialog: iWould that be cautioning me?
speaker_heading: STR
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Gh, well, 1t can't be helped now.
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: Anyway, they were very polite and
dialog: they seemed quite satisfied.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW -
text: They seemed satisfied, Mr. Vole.
dialog: “(to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: He thinks thet he made a
dialog: statement and that's the end ~
dialog: of it.
dialog: (back to Vole)
dialog: Mr. Vole, isn't it obvious to
dialog: you that you will be regarded
dialog: as the principal and logical
dialog: suspect in this case? I have
dialog: great fear that you will be
dialog: arrested.
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: I've done nothing. Why should
dialog: I be arrested? I mean, this is
dialog: England. You don't get arrested
dialog: or convicted for something you
dialog: haventt done?
dialog: ~
dialog: ‘Yo
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: We try not to make a habit of it.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: But it does happen, doesn't it?
dialog: Of course, There was that case
dialog: of what's-his name -~ Adolph
dialog: Beck, or Becker - he'd been
dialog: in jeil for eight years when
dialog: they found out it was another
dialog: chap entirely -- he was innocent -
dialog: all along.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Very unfortunate. But restitution
dialog: has been made. He received =
dialog: free pardon, 2 bounty from the
dialog: Crown, and was restored to his
dialog: normal life.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (quite agitated)
dialog: Yes, that was all right for him.
dialog: But whet if it had been murder?
dialog: -- what if he had been hanged?
dialog: =-- how would they restore him
dialog: to his normal life then?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: Really, Mr. Vole, you mstn't
dialog: take such a morbid point of view.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (a little embarrassed)
dialog: Sorry. It's just that when
dialog: you tell me it's all closing
dialog: in on me -- It's like a
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: . MAYHEW
dialog: Relax, Mr. Vole. I am putting
dialog: you in the hands of the finest ~
dialog: and. most experienced barrister
dialog: in London --
speaker_heading: SIR WIIFRID
dialog: Now, Mayhew, let's get this straight.
dialog: I may have done something highly
dialog: unethical: I've taken your cigar
dialog: and I'm not taking your case, I
dialog: cantt, I'm forbidden. My doctors
dialog: would never allow it.
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: I'm truly sorry, young man.
dialog: ‘(and to Mayhew again)
dialog: However, 1f you would like the case
text: handled by someone in these chambers,
dialog: I weuld recommend Mr. Brogan~Moore--
dialog: you know Brogan-Moore? --
dialog: = 13.
dialog: (
dialog: 14,
dialog: >
dialog: 15.
dialog: yv
dialog: ¢
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: . MAYHEW
dialog: Yes, I do.
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: A very able man. I second
dialog: Sir Wilfrid's recommendation.
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: If you say 30 ee.
text: Sir Wilfrid has risen and crosses to the door. In passing
text: he shoves his cigar in Vole's hand.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Hold this.
text: He opens the door into the anteroom.
speaker_heading: THE ANTERCOM (DAY)
text: As Sir Wilfrid emerges, Miss Plimsoll and Carter immedtately
text: converge on him
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I would like to see Mr. Brogan-
dialog: Moore in my office just as soon
text: as he comes in from Court.
speaker_heading: . CARTER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (on the verge of
dialog: breakdown)
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, I heave never known
dialog: such insubordination -= no, not
dialog: even when I was a murse in the
dialog: front lines, during the War -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: What War was that? -- the Crimean,
dialog: no doubt. .
dialog: -
text: He slams the door in her face agsin.
scene_heading: INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE (DAY)
text: He crosses to his desk.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You'll like Brogan-Moore. He's
dialog: had excellent training -- under me.
speaker_heading: pS
dialog: yo
dialog: 15.
dialog: - ‘ .
dialog: _ 21.
text: As he passes Vole, he takes the cigar out of Vole's
text: outstretched hand, seats himself behind the desk and
text: puffs on.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (with a little smile)
dialog: his morning I had no lewyers at
dialog: all -- now I suddenly have three
dialog: lewyers. —~
dialog: (to Mayhew)
dialog: Perhaps we ought to explain to
dialog: Sir Wilfrid thet I have very
dialog: Little money --
dialog: (to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: Iwon't be able to pay all the
dialog: costs and fees.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Don't worry -- wetll get a
dialog: fourth lawyer to sue you.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Be won't get mech, I'm afraic,
dialog: I haven't had a job in four
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: : SIR WILFRID
dialog: What sort of work do you do?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Well, my last job was as a
dialog: mechanic with ea motor servicing
text: firm. The foreman kept riding
dialog: me all the time. I took it as
dialog: long es I could, then I quit.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And before that?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I was working in 2 department -
dialog: store -- in the toys, demonstrating
dialog: children's building sets. Of course,
dialog: that only lasted through the
dialog: Christmas rush. Before that, I
dialog: worked in a petrol station, but
dialog: things got a little avkward,and --
dialog: T got fired. ,
speaker_heading: _. SIR WILFRID
dialog: Awkward -- in what way?
dialog: 
dialog: (~~
dialog: 15.
dialog: . . « 22,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Te boss's daughter. She kept
dialog: ennoying me, until T told her
dialog: where to get off. So she told
dialog: her father I was annoying her,
dialog: and he told me where to get off.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (dropping ashes in the
dialog: drawer again,
dialog: Very annoying. .
speaker_heading: ' VOLE
dialog: Before that, I had a job testing
dialog: electric blankets --
dialog: (he catches Wilfrid's
dialog: penetrating glance)
dialog: You mst be thinking I'm a bit
dialog: of a drifter, sir. It's true, in
dialog: a way, but I'm not really like
dialog: that. Doing my Army service
dialog: unsettled me a bit. That
dialog: and being abroad. I was
dialog: stationed in Germany. It was
dialog: fine there. That's where
dialog: I met Christine, my wife. She
dialog: was an ectress, and a good one.
dialog: Shets been a wonderful wife to
dialog: me, too, but I haven't been mech
dialog: of a provider, I'm afraid --
dialog: somehow, I can't seem to settle
dialog: down properly since I came back
dialog: to this country, Of course, if
dialog: I could just put my egg-beater
dialog: ecross --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Egg-beater?
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: - Yes, sir. I'm sort of an -
dialog: inventor ~~ nothing big, just
dialog: little household things. A
dialog: pocket pencil sharpener, a key~
dialog: ring flashlight, but my best :
dialog: is really this egg-beater.— You
dialog: see, it not only beats the eggs;
dialog: it also separates the yolk from
dialog: the white.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Is that really desirable?
dialog: (~
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: If you were a housewife, Sir
dialog: Wilfrid,youtd see it right away.
dialog: The trouble is I would need some
dialog: money for manufacturing and promotion-
dialog: -- well,that's really what I was
dialog: hoping Mrs. French might do for me
dialog: after I met her.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID _
dialog: Oh, Exactly how did you meet this
dialog: Mrs. French?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: That was rather funny in itself --
dialog: it was the third of September -- I
dialog: remember distinctly because 1t is
dialog: my wife's birthday -~ I was window
dialog: shopping on Oxford Street, sort of
dialog: daydreaming about what I would buy
dialog: for her -- if I had any money --
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILLINERY SHOP OXFORD STREET TAY
text: Vole strolls by the shop, stops and looks at a display
text: of silly hats in the window. He looks casually into the
text: shop and. sees a middle-aged Jady, neat and prim -- MRS.
text: EMILY FRENCH. The salesgirl is just putting a small,
text: conservative hat on Mrs. French. She studies herself in
text: the mirror. Suddenly she is aware that Vole is looking at
text: her. She turns toward him. Vole shakes his head in
text: disapproval. She accepts his decision, tries on a second
text: hat, looks again toward Vole for his opinion. Ail she
text: gets is a "not good, not bad" sort of look. She discards
text: the hat, tries on a third one. This is a wide-brimmed
text: - affair, quite wild. ‘She looks expectantly at.Vole. He
text: likes this one and nods his approval. She looks again
text: at the mirror, then rushes out of the shop to talk to him,
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: You really like this one?
speaker_heading: VOLE.
dialog: Very much.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: You don't think it's too — too
dialog: maa?
dialog: yp
dialog: yp
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Maa? Wot at all? A little dering,
dialog: perhaps -- I wouldn't recommend it
dialog: to every woman -- put you -- why
dialog: shoulan't you attract some attention --?
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH ,
dialog: You really think so?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Absolutely. If I may suggest just one .
dialog: little thing -- let's tilt thet brim .
dialog: a bit, to show off your face --
text: He does so. Mrs. French lets him, There is the sound of 48
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: My bus! Good-bye!
text: He turns and runs for it. Mrs. French looks after him, 9
text: little dazed. From OFF-SCENE comes --
speaker_heading: VOLE'S VOICE
dialog: Now you buy that hat! I insist!
text: Mrs. French looks after the bus for a few seconds, then walks
text: back into the shop with a tiny smile on her face.
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
text: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew listening to Vole's account.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: oe actually, it was quite a
dialog: pidiculous hat. Silly thing with
text: ribbons and flowers.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (flicking ashes into drawer)
dialog: I'm constantly surprised that women's
dialog: hats do not provoke more murders.
dialog: Go on, please.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I was just trying to be nice to her --
dialog: make her feel good. I never dreamed
dialog: that I'd see her. again -- or the
dialog: flower stand.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: But you did?
dialog: ~
dialog: iT.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Yes. A few weeks later -~ again
dialog: quite accidentally. I was peddling
dialog: my egg-beaters that afternoon and
dialog: pusiness was a little slow....
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
scene_heading: Inv. MOVIE THEATRE .
text: A western is in progress. Vole is sitting in the last row,
text: his sample-cese on a seat beside him. He is tired and is-
text: slouched down in the seat, feet extended. A woman, wearing
text: a wide-brimmed hat, comes into the row ahead, taking the
text: seat directly in front of him, His view of the screen is
text: blocked. He sits up and taps her on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Would you mind, Madame -=-
text: She turns around. It is Mrs. French, and itts that hat
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: oh, hello --
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: (recognizing him)
dialog: Hello, It’s your fault, you know--
dialog: you chose it yourself.
text: She is ebout to take off the hat, sees the empty seat next
text: to him, then glances at him.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Sure --~ if you like.
text: He moves the sample-case. Mrs. French rises and goes to
text: the aisle, moving into the empty seat. .
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Thank you. It's a bother taking
text: it off and putting it back on again.
dialog: ~
text: They sit in the dark, watching the movie. There are the
text: sounds of shooting and hoofbeats..
speaker_heading: VOLE
text: The chap on the white horse is
dialog: called Jesse James. They've lured
dialog: him into thisambush -- not at all
dialog: ericket.
dialog: yy?
dialog: oe)
dialog: y
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Don't worry -~ Mr. James shoots his
dialog: way out.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: He does?
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: I've seen 1t before. I go to the
dialog: movies quite a lot. °
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: I get so restless at home -- so IT
dialog: go out; but then I find that I've
dialog: really no place to go -- so I go to
dialog: the movies -- sometimes I see the same
dialog: one two or three times.
text: She takes some candy from her purse.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Toffee?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Yes, please --
dialog: (taking one)
dialog: Thank you,
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: I've seen Richard the Third five
dialog: times .
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: You like Shakespeare?
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: I like Sir Laurence Olivier.
dialog: 8 beat)
dialog: Pity he's married.
text: More shooting suddenly and more hoofbeats from the screen.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: You see - there goes Mr. James
dialog: now!
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
dialog: : ‘ . eT.
scene_heading: 19. INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, Mayhew and Vole - as we left them.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: Of course, at this time you had no
dialog: idea that Mrs. French was well-off?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Absolutely not. We were sitting in °
dialog: the cheap seats, All I knew was that
dialog: she seemed to be very lonely - had
dialog: no friends whatsoever.
dialog: )
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: She and her husband had lived abroad
dialog: in British Nigeria -- for many years.
dialog: He was in the Colonial Service. He
dialog: died in forty-five - of a heart
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (flicking his ashes
dialog: in the drawer)
dialog: Please, Mayhew --- not while I'm
dialog: € smolcing.
dialog: -~ (to Vole)
dialog: ¢ Go. on, young man.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Well, they finally polished off
dialog: Jesse James -- and when we left
dialog: the movie, she invited me to her
dialog: house for tea..
scene_heading: ‘ . INSTANT CUT To:
scene_heading: 20. INT. MRS. FRENCH'S KITCHEN TAY
text: It 4s the neat, well-equipped kitchen of 8 small london
text: town house in a good neighborhood.
text: Vole is demonstrating his egg-beater for Mrs. French. In
text: the beckground, JANET MacKEN2Ig, the housekeeper, 1s pre-
text: paring tea.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: I think it's the most fascinating
dialog: thing I've ever seen. =
dialog: - . (to the housekeeper)
dialog: Fy
dialog: Janet! Come look at this!
dialog: y
dialog: 20.
dialog: al.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (sour)
dialog: I've seen egg-beaters before, mafam.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: But this beats so quickly -- and it
dialog: separates -~ I guess its centrifugal --
dialog: or centrifugsl -- or what is
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (very matter-of-fact) .
dialog: Well, actually, it's specific gravity.
text: It whips cream, too.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: ' .{dreamtiy)
dialog: Janet, did you hear that? -- it whips
dialog: cream, too.
dialog: (a grunt from Janet)
dialog: We mast have one. Is it expensive?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Compliments of the inventor, manufacturer
dialog: and sole distributor.
speaker_heading: : MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Thank you. Weill use it constantly,
dialog: won't we, Janet?
dialog: another ~
dialog: grunt from Janet) —
dialog: We'd better get out of here, Mr. Vole.
dialog: Janet doesn't like visitors in her
dialog: kitchen.
text: She takes his arm, leads him out. Janet looks efter them,
text: then contemptuously takes the egg-beater out of the bowl
text: and tosses it into the sink.
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING ROOM MRS, FRENCH'S HOUSE IMY -
text: Mrs. French leads Vole inte the room. He stops to look
text: around. The room is stuffed with mementos of all the years
dialog: the Frenches spent in Africa: fierce masks, tigersitin
text: Tugs, drums, spears and shields.
speaker_heading: MRS, FRENCH
dialog: “bit chilly. here, isn't it?
dialog: Shall we have a fire?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: {a little aghast)
dialog: It's a -- charming room,
dialog: al.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Hubert and I collected all these
dialog: things when we lived in Africa.
dialog: Hubert was my husband.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: {points to a particularly
dialog: horrid mask)
dialog: There's a lovable chap!
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: That's the mask of the witch doctor,
dialog: He wore it when he pulled our servants’
dialog: teeth, so Hubert used to call hima
dialog: witch dentist. Hubert was so witty.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Yes, I can see thet.
text: Janet has entered with the tea tray, puts it down. ©
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Oh, Janet -- let's use our good
text: silver and china.
text: Janet grimly picks up the tray and is about to take it out
dialog: —~
dialog: Janet puts
dialog: co
speaker_heading: . WIE
dialog: Oh, no. Don't bother, Mrs. French --
dialog: this is perfectly 411 right.
text: the tray down again, is about to pour the tea.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: {to Vole)
dialog: Temon or milk, please?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I dontt really care.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: Would you prefer some sherry?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Sherry would be fine. -
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: We have no sherry.
speaker_heading: MRS
speaker_heading: 2 FRENCH
dialog: But we have. There's that bottle—-
dialog: the one we bought last Christms.
dialog: yp
dialog: 30.
text: 21. Mrs. French opens an African cabinet and tekes from it
dialog: @ bottle and one glass.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (sarcas tically)
dialog: If hetd care for an eggnogg- there
dialog: happens to be a wasted egg in the
text: kitchen - - all ready and separsted.
speaker_heading: MRS, FRENCH -
dialog: ’ (pouring the sherry)
dialog: Don't mind Janet, Mr. Vole. Itts
dialog: just that she's terribly Scotch,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: as she?
dialog: (pointing at the masks)
dialog: I thought she came with the collection.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRENCH
dialog: You know --"
dialog: (takes another glass
dialog: from the cabinet)
dialog: --~- maybe I'l? heave a glass of sherry
dialog: myselr, I feel like Christmas,
dialog: somehow, - .
scene_heading: INSTANT COT TO:
scene_heading: 22. Int. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
dialog: Mayhev, Sir Wilfrid and Vole as we left them.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: -- after thet I used to see her
dialog: once or twice s week. She kept 4
dialog: bottle of sherry for me and we would
dialog: telk, or play canasta, or listen to
dialog: her old phonograph records -=
dialog: Gilbert and Sullivan mostly. -
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's so weird to*think of her now --
text: laying there, in that living room,
dialog: murdered.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I assure you she hss been moved
dialog: by now. Not to have done so.
dialog: would be unfeeling, unlawful and
dialog: unsanitary.
text: He has taken the drawer with the ashes out of the cabinet,
text: opens the window snd empties it into the street,
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MAY
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: Suppose you tell Sir Wilfrid about
dialog: the evening of the murder.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I went around to see her about
dialog: eight o'clock that evening...She
dialog: fixed me a sandwich and we talked
dialog: a bit and listened to The Mikado. .
dialog: I left about nine. I walked home.
dialog: and got there about half-past. I
dialog: can prove that - I can swear to 1t ---
dialog: in or out of court,on the witness
dialog: stand, anywhere--
text: Sir Wilfrid has been listening without looking at Vole and
text: polishing his monocle.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (suddenly, cutting
dialog: Vole off
dialog: How mach money did you get from her?
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: From whom?
speaker_heading: . SIR WILPRID
dialog: From Mrs. French! .
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Nothing. Not a quid.
speaker_heading: SiR Wz
dialog: The truth? How mich?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Why should she give me any money?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Because she was in love with you!
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: That's ridiculous. She liked me.
dialog: She pampered me, like an aunt —
dialog: but that's all. I swear.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Why didn't you tell her you were
dialog: a married man?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I did tell her.
dialog: (~™
dialog: (~
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: But you never took your wife along
dialog: when you went there-- did you?
speaker_heading: "VOLE
dialog: No, I didntt,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Well, because -~
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Because of what?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Well, Mrs. French was under the
dialog: impression that Christine and I
dialog: didnt t get along too well --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Is that true?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No. We love each other!
speaker_heading: SIR WITFRID
dialog: Then how did she get that impression?
dialog: Did you give it to her?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No == she seemed to want to believe
dialog: 4t that way --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: But you never corrected that
dialog: impression? Why? -
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I vas afraid she'd lose interest
dialog: in me.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Because she was rich?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Yes, I suppose s0 --
scene_heading: ' SIR. WILFRID
dialog: And. you were after her money?
dialog: "
dialog: 22.
dialog: . / . 33-
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Well, yes -- ina way --
text: By this time Sir Wilfrid has put the monocle in his eye.
text: He moves his head slightly, so that the sunlight from the
text: window hits the monocle and is reflected directly in Vole's
text: eyes. Vole doesn't bat an eyelash as he continues his
dialog: fervent statement.
speaker_heading: VOLE .
dialog: I was hoping to get a loan for my
dialog: invention -~ a couple of hundred
dialog: pounds -- an honest business
dialog: proposition, that's what it would
dialog: have been -- is that so wicked?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You knew it was the housekeeper's
dialog: day off?
speaker_heading: VOILE
dialog: Yes, I did
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: So you went there because you knew
dialog: she would be alone?
speaker_heading: ' WOLE
dialog: No. TI went there because I thought
dialog: she'd be lonely.
speaker_heading: . STR WILFRID
dialog: All right, lonely! You and the
dialog: rich lonely women ali aione in
dialog: that lonely house -- with the
text: gramophone blaring The Mikado --
dialog: perhaps you turned the volume up
dialog: to drown out her cries --!
speaker_heading: VOLE -
dialog: No. When I left her, she was alive.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: But when the housekeeper came back,
dialog: she was dead.
speaker_heading: WIE
text: The house had been ransacked. It
dialog: said so in the papers. It mst
dialog: have been a burglar.
dialog: (very emo tional)
dialog: I didn't do it. No matter how bad
dialog: things look, I didntt do it. You
dialog: must believe me. You. do believe me,
dialog: aon’ t you?
dialog: (~~
dialog: eo
dialog: 34,
text: Complete silence for five seconds. Then -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (dropping the monocle)
dialog: or course, Mr. Vole. If I didn't
dialog: believe you, I would not have
dialog: subjected your eyes or my arteries
dialog: to that ordeal.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (exhaus ted)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: {seating himself)
dialog: As for things looking bad -- they
dialog: dontt look bad, Mr. Vole -- they look
dialog: ternibie- Apparently you have no
dialog: at all?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I have. I left Mrs. French at nine
dialog: otcdock.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Row did you go home -- by bus or
dialog: underground?
speaker_heading: VOLE .
dialog: I walked. It was a fine night.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Did amyone see you?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Of course. Christine saw me when
dialog: I got home. it was exactly nine-
dialog: twenty-six. I know because I vent
dialog: right to work on 4 new sort of clock
dialog: I've been tinkering with. My wife
dialog: will tell you that. ™
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Your wife loves you, does she not?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Very mch. And I love her. We
dialog: are devoted to each other.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You realize, Mr. Vole, thet the
dialog: testimony of a devoted wife does
dialog: not carry mch weight.
dialog: 35-
scene_heading: =. 22. VOLE
dialog: pw You meon that people will think that
dialog: Christine would tell a lie on my
dialog: account?
speaker_heading: : SIR WILFRID
dialog: It has been kmown, Mr. Vole. Blood
text: 4s thicker than evidence.
dialog: (there is a knock) .
dialog: Yes?
text: MR. BROGAN-MOORE enters. He is in his middle forties,
text: tall, correct in manner and dress. He is carrying ©
text: brief case and a folded newspeper.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Ah -- Brogan-Mooref! Come in, coms in!
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
text: (crossing briskly to
dialog: Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: So good to have you out of
dialog: hospital --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I didn't get a full pardon --
dialog: Itm out on parole. ‘You lmow
dialog: Mr. Mayhew, I believe, and this
dialog: is his client, Mr. Leonard Vole.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: How do you do.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: yo
speaker_heading: sIr
dialog: (cueing him)
dialog: The Emily Yrench mrder.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (with reneved interest) ~
dialog: Oh, how di do.
dialog: Candies bénas again)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (instantly) -
dialog: Badly, thank you. There’s a mass
dialog: of circumstantiel evidence, no
dialog: alibi whatsoever - it's e hot
dialog: potato and I’m tossing it right
dialog: into your lap,
dialog: Y~
scene_heading: . ’ BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Much obliged.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Your line of defense, however, will
dialog: be lack of motive. You will agree
dialog: that we can rule out a crime of
dialog: passion. That leaves us with a
dialog: murder for profit. Now then -- if
text: Mr. Vole. had been sponging on Mrs.
dialog: French, why kill her and cut off
dialog: the source of supply? Or -- if he
dialog: 
dialog: ‘wes hoping for a golden egg, why
dialog: kill the goose before it vas laid?
dialog: No motive. No motive whetsoever!
dialog: {a skeptical glance from
dialog: Brogan-Moore)
dialog: You find some flaw in this line of
dialog: reasoning?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MDORE
dialog: No. It's very sound as far as it
dialog: goes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Well, 1t's all yours, Brogan-Moore.
dialog: You'll find Mr. Vole very responsive
dialog: and quite candid -- so candid, in
dialog: fact, that he has already informed
dialog: me that we will have to sue him
dialog: for our fees.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: We'll simply put a lien on Mr.
dialog: Volets eighty thousand pounds.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: What eighty thousand pounds?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MDORE
dialog: The eighty thousand pounds
dialog: Mrs. French left you. ~~
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (open-mouthed)
dialog: ert me?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (handing the newspaper
dialog: to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: They opened Mrs. French's bank
dialog: vault today and found her will,
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 22.
dialog: 23.
dialog: 24,
dialog: wie
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: You're joking!
dialog: (rising to look at the
dialog: paper over Sir Wilfrid's
dialog: shoulder -- elated)
dialog: Eighty thousand pounds! -- I was
dialog: worrying about a couple of hundred
dialog: for my silly egg-beater --- and
dialog: now -- I mst call Christine --
text: He reaches for the phone, Suddenly he becomes sware of the
text: way Sir Wilfrid, Mayhew and Brogan-Moore are looking at him,
text: There's a second's silence.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (quite sober now)
dialog: This inheritance -- it doesn't
dialog: make things look any better for
dialog: me, does 1+?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: No. I wouldn't think so.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: So now they'll say that I gid have
dialog: a mtive -- :
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (rising and crossing
dialog: to the window)
dialog: They will indeed. Eighty thousand
dialog: pounds makes for s very handsome
dialog: motive.
dialog: Won't they?
text: Sir Wilfrid looks down into street. ~
text: EXT, SIR WILFRID'S BUILDING DAY FROM WILFRID'S POImT
speaker_heading: OF VIEW.
text: A police car, driven by a bobby, pulls up sharply.
text: Police driver gets out to open door,
scene_heading: INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE DAY
text: Sir Wilfrid turns back from the window.
dialog: “oo
dialog: 24,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's quite likely.
speaker_heading: ' VOLE
dialog: (violently)
dialog: I knew nothing about that will! I
dialog: didn't Ehow Mrs. French had any
dialog: intention of leaving me her money.
dialog: And if I didn't kmow about it, how -
dialog: could it be a motive?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Mr. Brogan-Moore will certainly bring
dialog: that out in court.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to Brogen-Moore, as he
text: crosses to the door) .
dialog: Itts our old friend, Inspector Hearns.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Chief Inspector, as of last month.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Chief Inspector!
dialog: (to Vole)
dialog: They mast think = lot of you at
dialog: Scotland Yard -- you're getting
dialog: the de luxe treatment.
text: He opens the door to the anteroom, just as Hearne and
text: another detective come in from the outside.
text: He beckons
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: In here, Chief Inspector.
text: Hearne and the other detective into his office.
speaker_heading: HEARNE -
dialog: Sorry to disturb you in your
dialog: chambers, Sir Wilfrid --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (closing the door)
dialog: Perfectly all right. I never
dialog: object to the actions of the
dialog: Police -- except in court once
dialog: in a great while.
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir. I still have the
text: sears.
dialog: oa ote
dialog: ok,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You know Mr. Mayhew, and Mr, Brogan-
dialog: Moore.
dialog: (nods all around)
dialog: And this is Dangerous Ieonard Vole.
dialog: You'd better search him -- he may
text: be armed with an egg-beater.
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: (to Vole, very formel)
dialog: Is your name Leonard Vole?
speaker_heading: VOIE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: It 4s.
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: I have here a warrant for your
dialog: arrest on the charge of murdering
dialog: Emily French on October fourteenth
dialog: last. I must warn you that anythi
dialog: you say may be taken down and used
dialog: in evidence.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (as carefree as he
dialog: can manage)
dialog: I'm ready. Must I ‘be handcuffed?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: That won't be necessary, sir.
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: You see, I've never been arrested
dialog: before. Not.even for walking 2
dialog: dog off the leash, or having 8
dialog: beer after hours.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: There is no disgrace in being ~
dialog: arrested, Mr. Vole. Kings, Prime
dialog: Ministers, Archbishops - even
dialog: barristers -- have stood in the
dialog: dock.
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: VO:
dialog: ‘ (to Brogan-Moore)
dialog: WALL you tell my wife that I ---
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE)
dialog: Yes, I'll tell her.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: I'll go down to the station with
dialog: you and see that you're properly
dialog: charged.
dialog: an
dialog: ~~
dialog: a
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Thank you, Sir Wilfrid.
dialog: ( tw Brogan-Moore
dialog: I'll be hearing from you, won't I?
scene_heading: . BROGAN-MOORE :
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID .
dialog: (to Hearne)
dialog: Will you see to it -that Mr. Vole
dialog: is well treated? ©.
dialog: (whisks the other cigar
dialog: from Mayhew's pocket,
dialog: Here -- have 2 cigar!
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: (reaching for it)
dialog: Tatts very kind of you, Sir wilfrid.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: pulling it back)
dialog: I'a better not} It would constitute
dialog: a bribe!
dialog: (he puts it carefully
dialog: in his inside
dialog: coat pocket)
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: (bi tingly)
dialog: We ought to be going, Mr. Vole. .
text: Vole starts out with the two ‘aetectives on either side
text: of him, Meyhew following. Vole turns back in the open
dialog: doorway.
text: They exit.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (a little grin)
dialog: One thing I've learned for sure --
dialog: never look in a window where -
dialog: there are women's hats!
text: The door closes...
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Makes a very nice impression,
dialog: doesn't he?
scene_heading: _ BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Yes, rather. Did you give him
dialog: the monocle test?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
text: Passed with flying colors.
dialog: y>
dialog: 25.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: I hope he does as well in the Dock.
dialog: This is sticky, you know.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Of course 1t is! The prosecution
dialog: will blast him with their heaviest
dialog: artillery. All youtil have is one
dialog: little popgun - an alibi furnished -
dialog: by his wife! Isn't that an
dialog: intriguing challenge?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (artly)
dialog: I think I'd like it more if 1t
dialog: was less of a challenge.
text: Carter enters..
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Sorry, Sir Wilfrid, but Miss
dialog: Plimsoll has issued en ultimatum:
dialog: if you're not in bed in one minute,
dialog: she will resign.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Splendia!. Give her 2 month's
dialog: pay and kick her down the stairs!
speaker_heading: ‘CARTER
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, either you take.
dialog: proper care of yourself, or I,
dialog: too, shall resign.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID.
dialog: This is blackmail!
dialog: (the two men look
dialog: at each other)
dialog: You're quite right, Cartere For
dialog: my first day, this has already -
dialog: been rather hectic. I should
dialog: be in bed.
text: He tekes Carter's arm casually for support, and with Brogan-
text: Moore following, they go into the anteroom,
speaker_heading: THE ANTEROOM (DAY)
text: Sir Wilfrid, Carter and Brogan-Moore cross to the staircase.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Mayhew should get-on to Mrs.
text: Vole and have her come over.
dialog: Wi1l you sit in?
dialog: 25.
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Thank you, no} I'm in no condition
dialog: to cope with emotional wives drenched
text: in tears.
text: ‘We sees Miss Plimsoll waiting for him halfway up the steir-
text: case, her arms erossed, her eyes plazing.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID -
dialog: Ah, Miss Plimsoll! How alluring
dialog: you look -- waiting like a hangman
text: on the scaffold.
text: plumps himself on the
dialog: inclina tor)
dialog: Take mel Itm yours} .
dialog: (to Brogan-Moore)
dialog: Handle Mrs. Vole gently, especially
dialog: when you break the news of the
dialog: arrest. Besr in mind shefs &
dialog: foreigner, so be prepared
dialog: for hysterics -- even 5 Painting
dialog: spell. Better have smelling salts
text: ready, a box of tissues and a nip
text: of brandy.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE'S VOICE
dialog: I do not think that will be
dialog: necessary. ‘
dialog: Tey look OFF.
text: In the entrance stands CHRISTINE VOIE.
text: She is handsome, calm and self-contained. She wears @
text: grey practical sult, 4 small hat and white gloves. She
text: speaks crisply, and with « slight Germen accent.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I never faint because I am not
dialog: sure that I will fell gracefully --
dialog: and I never use smelling salts
text: because they puff up the eyes.
text: (she moves closer to
dialog: Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: I am Christine Vole. _
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (potting monocle in eye)
dialog: How 60 you do. I em Wilfrid
dialog: Robarts end this is Mr. Brogan-
dialog: Moore.
dialog: (they nod)
dialog: My dear Mrs. Vole, I am afraid we
dialog: have rather bad news for you ---
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 25. CHRISTINE
dialog: Don't be afraid, Sir Wilfrid. I
dialog: am quite disciplined.
dialog: yo
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: There is nothing to be alarmed about
dialog: as yet ---
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: Teonard has been arrested and charged .
dialog: with marder -- is that 1t?
dialog: (sir Wilfrid nods soberly)
dialog: I knew he would be. I told him so.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I'm glad you're showing such
dialog: fortitude...
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Call it what you lfke.. What is
dialog: the next step?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Your husband will have to stand
dialog: trial, I'm afraid..
dialog: (to Brogan-Moore)
dialog: Will you take Mrs. Vole inside
dialog: and explain the procedure.
dialog: (to Christine)
dialog: Mr. Brogan-Moore will lead the
dialog: defense.
dialog: yo
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh? You will not personally defend
dialog: Teonard?
speaker_heading: SIR WIEERID
dialog: Regrettably, not. My health -- or
dialog: rather the lack of it -- forbids me.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE ~
dialog: It is regrettable. Mr. Mayhew
dialog: described you as the champion of
dialog: the hopeless cause.
text: She hss followed Brogan-Moore to the door of Sir Wilfrid's
text: office. Stops, and turns back.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Is it perhaps that this cause is
dialog: 2 . too hopeless?
text: She does not wait for an answer, walks into the office
text: and” Brogan-Mbore closes the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 4h,
text: 25. Sir Wilfrid lets the monocle fall, seats himself on the
text: . inelinator and presses the button, 111 the time glaring
text: ‘ro at the closed door of his office. The inclinator rises,
text: ‘ and Miss Plimsoll trots beside it.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: I shall have 2 very serious talk
dialog: with Dr. Herrison. It was a
dialog: mistake to let you come back here. -
dialog: I should have taken you directly
dialog: to a rest home, or to a resort --
dialog: some place quiet, far off --
dialog: like Bermuda.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (his mind on
dialog: Mrs. Vole)
dialog: Oh, shut up! You just want to
dialog: see me in those nasty shorts.
text: The inclinator comes to a stop at the head of the staircase.
text: Miss Plimsoll helps Sir Wilfrid up from the seat. He stands
text: still, looking down toward his office door.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
text: (plucking at his
dialog: a sleeve
dialog: ( Come, now, Sir Wilfrid, you mst
dialog: 7 not think of it. You mst get
dialog: ready for sleep -~ think beautiful
dialog: thoughts. ~
text: She leads him into the bedroom.
scene_heading: 26. SIR WILFRID'S BEDROOM (TAY)
text: It is the room sbove his office, of the seme shape and
text: the same octagonal vimiow design. There is a big
text: Victorian bed, e chaise, deep comfortable chairs, and
text: & washstand behind a folding screen. As they enter, Miss
text: Plimsoll takes. a pair of pajamas from the bed and hands
dialog: them to Sir Wilfrid.
scene_heading: ~ ‘MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Now put those on -- tops and
dialog: bottoms -- while I make your
dialog: bed.
text: ‘He takes the pajamas, goes behind the screen, deep in
text: thought. Miss Plimsoll starts to remove the bedspread
dialog: (io and arrange the pillows.
dialog: y
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: After your rest, we'll have o nice
dialog: cup of cocoa, Then perhaps we'll
dialog: go for a little walk in the square.
text: Behind the screen Sir Wilfrid hasn't made 4 move to get into
text: the pajamas. His body is here; his mind is in the office
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (ousy with the bed)
dialog: I mst say, I feel sorry for that
dialog: nice Mr. Vole -- not just because
dialog: he was arrested -- but that wife
dialog: of his -- she mst be German --
dialog: I suppose that's what happens
dialog: when we let our boys cross the
dialog: channel: they go crazy --~
dialog: Personally, I think the Government
dialog: should do something about those
dialog: foreign wives -- like an embergo --
dialog: how else can we take care of our
dialog: own surplus -- don’t you agree,
dialog: Sir. Wilfrid?
dialog: (the bed is ready)
dialog: All right, hop in -- :
dialog: (no ansver)
dialog: Sir Wilfrid!
text: Alarmed, she looks behind the screen. The pajamas are
text: there, but no Sir Wilfrid. She runs oute.
scene_heading: STAIRCASE AND ANTEROOM BELOW (DAY)
text: “Miss Plimsoll rons to the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: MISS FLIMSOLL
dialog: Sir Wiitria! .
text: Too late. She gets a last glimpse of Sir Wilfrid entering
dialog: his office.
scene_heading: INT. STR WILFRID'S OFFICE (MY)
text: Brogan-Moore is interviewing Mrs. Vole. He is seated
text: ‘behing the desk. Mrs. Vole is in a chair near the
text: window. She is very calm and poised. Sir Wilfrid enters
text: quietly, gestures to Brogan-Moore to contime, then moves
text: to a position from which he can observe Mrs. Vole.
dialog: o
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes, of course, I knew that Leonard
dialog: had been seeing Mrs, French quite
dialog: frequently. I knew it from the day
text: when he came home with a pair of
text: green socks she had knitted for him.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Well, that's quite natural. And
dialog: I'm sure a jury will fine 1t
dialog: rather endearing.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh, LIeonard can be very endearing.
dialog: He hates that particular shade of
dialog: green, and the socks were two
dialog: sizes too small, but he wore them
dialog: just the same --just to.give her
dialog: pleasure. Leonard has a way with
dialog: women, I only hope he will have
dialog: an all-woman jury -- they will
text: carry him from the courtroom in
dialog: triumph!
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: A simple acquittal will do. Now,
dialog: Mrs. Vole, you know that Mrs.
dialog: Prench left your husband money?
speaker_heading: . CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. A lot of money.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: of course, your husband had no
dialog: previous knowledge of this
dialog: bequest?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Is that what he told you?
speaker_heading: : BROGA N-MOORE
dialog: Surely, Mrs. Vole, you are not
dialog: suggesting anything different?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh, no. I do not suggest anything.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MDORE
dialog: Quite obviously, Mrs. French had
dialog: come to look upon your husband
dialog: as a son -- or, perhaps, & we
dialog: favorite nephew.
dialog: 28.
dialog: oo
dialog: a
dialog: (nm
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NT.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You think Mrs. French looked upon
dialog: Leonard es & son -- or 4 nephew?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Ido. An entirely natural and
dialog: understandable relationship.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What hypocrites you are in this
dialog: country!
dialog: (Brogan-Moore and Sir
dialog: Wilfrid exchange a iook)
dialog: I shock you. I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: BROGAN- MOORE
dialog: Apparently you have a continental
dialog: way of looking at things, but I
dialog: assure you it would be most unvise
dialog: to suggest that Mrs. French had
dialog: any feelings for your husband
dialog: other than -- well -- er --
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Tet us say an aunt. By all
dialog: means.
text: Suddenly a bright gleam of sunlight hits her eyes and makes
dialog: her blink.
text: Sir Wilfrid hes quietly placed himself for the monocle
dialog: test.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Pardon me, Brogan-Moore.
dialog: th
dialog: Chris tine)
dialog: Ddd you say that the socks Mrs. ~
dialog: French knitted for your husband
dialog: were tWo sizes too small?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: At least.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Would that not indicate that
dialog: she thought of him as a small boy,
dialog: a nephew, for instance?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It indicates that she did not
dialog: know how to knit.
text: (she Dlinks, tries to move
dialog: to avoid the light beam)
dialog: oo
dialog: yo
dialog: yo
dialog: we
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (focusing the blazi
text: monocile relentlessly .
dialog: Mrs. Vole, you realize that your
dialog: husband's entire defense rests on
dialog: his word and yours.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE .
dialog: I realize that.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And that the jury will be quite
text: skepticel by the word of a man
dialog: accused of murder when supported
text: only by the word of his wife.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I realize that, too.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Tet us then at least make sure
text: that the two are not in conflict.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: By all means, let us.
text: She has been moving her head trying to avoid the glare from
text: Sir Wilfrid's monocle, Now she casually reaches for the
text: cord of the window shade and pulls it down e couple of
text: inches -- enough to cut off the sun from Sir Wilfrid's .
text: monocle.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: There! -~ isn't that more
dialog: comfortable for you, Sir Wilfrid?
text: Brogan-Moore smiles slightly. Sir Wilfrid, his face now
text: in shadow, presses on grimly. -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Qn:the night of the mrder, your
dialog: husband came home before nine-
dialog: thirty. Is that correct?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes -- I believe so.
speaker_heading: . STR WILFRID
dialog: In fact, he remembers that it
dialog: vas precisely nine~ twenty-six.
dialog: y) 9
dialog: e
dialog: oo
dialog: 
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Nine twenty-six! What makes hin
dialog: so precise?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID :
dialog: fhe clock -- the new invention hetd
dialog: been tinkering with.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Clock? Oh -- oh, yes, a new kind
dialog: of cuckoo clock! It's very clever.
dialog: Teonard is quite an inventor.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Then it is true -- he was at home
dialog: with you at nine twenty-six?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: And he did not go out again?
speaker_heading: : CHRISTINE
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: Leonard came home at nine twenty-
dialog: six and did not go cut again.
dialog: a that what he wants me to
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Isn't it the truth?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: of course.
dialog: Brogan-Moore and Sir
dialog: Wilfrid exchange relieved
dialog: glances )
dialog: But when I told it to the police,
dialog: I do not think they believed me. ~
dialog: Maybe I did not sey 1% vell.
dialog: Maybe because of my accent.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: My dear Mrs. Vole -- in our Courts
dialog: we will accept the evidence of
dialog: witnesses who speak only Bulgarian,
dialog: and who must have an interpreter; and
text: even desf-mutes,who cannot spesk at
dialog: all. As long as they tell the truth.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: You are aware, of course, that
dialog: when I put you in the witness pox
dialog: you will be sworn, and you will
dialog: testify under oath?
dialog: a)
dialog: )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (again, by rote)
dialog: Leonard came home at precisely
dialog: nine twenty-six and did not go out
dialog: again. The truth, the whole truth,
dialog: and nothing but the truth. Is that
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Mra. Vole, do you love your husband?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Teonard thinks I do.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Well, do you?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Am I already under oath?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID .
dialog: Mra. Vole, whatever your gambit
dialog: may be, do you know that under
dialog: British law you cannot be called
dialog: to give testimony damaging to your
dialog: husbend?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: How very convenient.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: We are dealing with a capital
dialog: crime. The prosecution will try
dialog: to hang your husband!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: He is not my husband.
text: -Moore and Sir Wilfrid stare at each other, then
text: at her. There is a moment of shocked silence.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: We went through a form of marriage
dialog: in Hamburg, but I had a husbend
dialog: living at the time somewhere in
dialog: Bast Germany -- in the Russian
dialog: one»
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Did you tell Leonerd?
dialog: co
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It would have been stupid to teil
dialog: him. He would not have married
dialog: me and I would have been left
text: behind to starve in the rubble.
scene_heading: : BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: So he married you, and brought
dialog: you safely to this country. Dontt
dialog: you think you should be very grateful .
dialog: to him?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE .
dialog: One can get very tired of gratitude.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Your husband loves you very much,
dialog: does he not?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Leonard? He worships the ground
dialog: I walk on!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And you? .
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You want to know too much}
dialog: {she rises and puts
dialog: up the window shade)
dialog: Auf wiedersehen, gentlemen,
text: She crosses quickly toward the door.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (ecidly)
dialog: Thank you for coming in, Mrs.
dialog: Vole. Your visit has been most
dialog: reassuring.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE,
dialog: (1m the doorway)
dialog: Do not worry, Sir Wilfrid. T
dialog: shall give him an alibi. I will
dialog: be very convincing, There will
dialog: be tears in my eyes when I say --
dialog: Leonard came home at nine twenty-
dialog: six -- precisely. I may even
dialog: bring the cuckoo - as an additional
dialog: witness. —
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You're a very remarkable woman,
dialog: Mra. Vole.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: And you are satisfied, I hope?
text: She exits.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I'm damned if I'm satisfied.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Care to join me in a whiff of
dialog: those. smelling salts?
dialog: (sir Wilfrid doesn't
dialog: answer; walks -
dialog: to the window)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: That woman is up to something, -~-
dialog: but what?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: The Prosecution will break her
dialog: down in no time when I put her
text: in the witness box.
dialog: (while Sir Wilfrid 1s
dialog: looking out the window)
dialog: You know, defending this case is
dialog: going to be rather like The
dialog: Charge of the light Brigade,
dialog: or one of those Japanese suicide
dialog: pilots - quite one-sided, with
text: the odds all on the other side.
dialog: I haven't got mech to go on™: -
dialog: with, have I? The fact is,
dialog: I've got nothing.
text: Sir Wilfrid turns from the window.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: let me ask you something -- do
dialog: ou believe Leonard Vole is
dialog: cent?
dialog: no answer from
dialog: Brogan-Moore)
dialog: Bo you?
text: He has ‘put the monocle in his eye. ‘The beam of light
text: hits Brogan-Moore. squarely in the face.
dialog: (turning eway)
dialog: I'm not sure -- I'm sorry,
dialog: Wilfria -- Of course, I'll do
dialog: my best --
dialog: 28.
dialog: (-~
dialog: 7”
dialog: or
dialog: 29.
dialog: “ 30.
dialog: 53-.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's all right, Brogan-Moore --
dialog: I'll take 1% from here.
text: He whips out the second ¢igar taken from Mayhew, bits off
text: the tip. Behind him the door has opened and a frenzied
text: Miss Plimsoll enters. : .
speaker_heading: : Miss PLIMSOLL
dialog: I have called Dr. Harrison and
dialog: given him a complete report on
dialog: your shocking behavior. I can
dialog: no longer ----
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Give me a match, Miss Plimsoll,
speaker_heading: : MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Sir Wilfrid!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: ( fortissimo)
dialog: Did-you-hear-me? --- A MATCH!
text: Dazed and scared, she brings out a book of matches, strikes
text: one with a trembling hand and holds it out to him. He
text: lights the cigar, blowing the first puff into her face.
text: There is fearless defiance in his manner,
speaker_heading: PALE OUT:
speaker_heading: PALE IN: -
scene_heading: EXT.. LONDON PRISON (DAY)
text: A grim, high-walled building looming against a leaden sky.
text: Sir Wilfrid's Rolls Royce is driving through the open
text: gates. The gates close behind the car.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TOs
speaker_heading: INT, CELL BLOCK (MY)
text: A guard is leading leonard Vole between a row of cells.
dialog: A
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON INTERVIEW ROOM (DAY)
text: A small, grey room with a single desk and three chairs.
text: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew, in their overcoats, are waiting.
text: A civilian photographer is setting up a tripod camera.
text: Vole enters, the guard closing the door and remaining
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Mayhew. Sir Wilfrid --
dialog: - (shaking hands with him)
dialog: Mr, Mayhew told me you were
dialog: going to represent me. I'm very
dialog: grateful.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I struck a bargain with my doctors-—
dialog: I'll let them exile me to Bermada
dialog: for six months as soon as we finish
dialog: your case.
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Tet us hope that we will bo
dialog: survive. .
text: Meanwhile Mayhew has opened a small suitcase, brings out
text: a faded trench coat and a crushed felt hat.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: Get into these, vill you? We
dialog: need. a photograph.
speaker_heading: VoIE
dialog: (as Mayhew helps hin
dialog: into the coat)
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW -
dialog: Because these are what you wore
dialog: on the night of the mrder. We
dialog: want to circulate a photogreph.
dialog: Perhaps someone did see you leaving
dialog: Mrs. French on your way home.
scene_heading: . PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Over here, by the window, please.
dialog: Hold it.
dialog: (a flash) -
dialog: Now one in profile, please.
dialog: (Vole turns, -
dialog: another flash)
dialog: That's 1t.
dialog: on
dialog: 55s.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: (to Photographer)
dialog: I'll pick up the negatives later,
dialog: thank you.
text: During the following, the photographer packs up his
text: equipment and leaves.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Do we really need this? I mean--
dialog: my wife knows what time I came
dialog: home that night.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: A disinterested witness may be
dialog: of more v:
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: oh, yes, of course -- Christine
dialog: is an interested witness =-
dialog: great anxiety -
dialog: to Mayhew)
dialog: I don't understand -- why hasn't
dialog: she come to see me -~ ? Won't
dialog: they let her see m? It's been
dialog: a week ---.
speaker_heading: . SIR WIIFRID
dialog: Mayhew, give me the reports.
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: Have you talked to Christine --
dialog: what's the matter with her?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (distracting him)
dialog: I want to read you a portion of
dialog: the evidence of Janet MacKenz
dialog: the housekeeper: *Mr. Vole helped
dialog: Mrs. French with her business
dialog: affairs. Particularly her income ~
dialog: tax returns.
speaker_heading: . ' VOLE
dialog: Yes, I did. Some of the forms
dialog: are very complicated.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: There is also a hint that you
dialog: may have helped her draft her
dialog: new will --
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: That's not true. If Janet says
dialog: that, shets lying. She was always
dialog: ‘against me. I don't know why ---
dialog: y>
speaker_heading: YO
dialog: ys
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's quite obvious. You threw
text: an eggbeater into the wheels of
dialog: her Victorian household.
dialog: . (consulting the file)
dialog: Now, what about this cnt on your
dialog: wrist? You told the police you
dialog: eut yourself with a knife?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Thatts right.
dialog: (showing the scar)
dialog: I was cutting bread, and the knife
dialog: slipped. But that vas two days
dialog: after the murder. Christine was
dialog: there -- she?1l tell them when
text: she gives evidence.
dialog: (he sees Mayhew and
dialog: Sir Wilfrid exchange
dialog: glances
dialog: Are you keeping something from
dialog: me? Is she 111? Was she
dialog: shocked by what happened
dialog: to me?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: All things considered, I think
dialog: she took it very well. Of course,
dialog: that may have been only on the
dialog: surface. Wives are often
dialog: profoundly disturbed at such
dialog: a time --
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: It mst be hard on her. We've
dialog: never been separated before.
dialog: Not since our first meeting.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: How did you meet your wife, Mr. =~
dialog: Vole?
speaker_heading: ' - VOLE
dialog: In Germany, in 1945 --
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: ™™e very first time I saw her, the
dialog: ceiling fell right in on m --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: one (with raised eyebrows)
dialog: (7
dialog: 31.
dialog: - 5ST.
speaker_heading: VOLE ,
dialog: We were stationed outside Hamburg,
text: with an R.A.F. maintenance unit.
dialog: I installed a shower in the
dialog: officers' billet, so they gave
dialog: me a week-end Pass ease
text: INSTANT CUT TOs
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED-OUT STREET IN HAMBURG ( NIGHT)
text: The street is wet from rain. Flight Sgt. Leonard Vole,
text: in Royal Air Force uniform, 4 small kit-bag slung over
text: his shoulder, comes down the street. He stops in the
text: cellar doorwey of one of the bombed-out buildings. A
text: sign over the door, with a blue lantern attached, reads:
text: DIE BLAUE IATERNE. Next to the door is a provocative
dialog: poster of an entertainer exhibithg her remarkable
text: gartered legs. Across the poster is printed:
text: CHRISTINE HELM. Music from a small band drifts from
text: the shabby cellar cabaret and Christine is heard singing.
dialog: It 1s one of those fly-by-night cabarets which spring
text: up in the rubble to attract servicemen.
text: Vole glances at the poster, then goes down the shattered
text: steps leading into the night club.
speaker_heading: INE, NIGHT CLUB (NIGHT)
text: Vole enters the dark smoke-filled roam and looks around,
text: It is a smAll claustrophobic catacomb with odds and ends
text: holding the crumbling walls together, It is packed with
text: British military personnel. The air is hot and thick
text: with pent-up animal expectancy.
text: On an ersatz stage an emaciated four-piece German band
text: is accompanying Christine. She wears a German sailor's
text: outfit, with pants. She sings AUF DER REEPERBAHN and
text: accompanies herself.on a small accordion,
text: -Vole crosses to the bar, where it is already three-deep,
text: buys himself a schnapps and watches Chris tine.
text: Christine starts the second chorus. She steps down
text: from the stage. As she plays and sings, she moves
text: alluringly between the densely crowded tables, brushing
text: against the eager, alcholized customers. A rickety
text: spotlight, operated by one of the waiters, follows her.
text: There are scattered catcalls and whistles of Siseppointment
text: over Christine's costume as she is moving among them.
dialog: ey
dialog: ya
dialog: yey
scene_heading: FIRST DRUNKEN SOLDIER
dialog: Hey, Fraulein show us some legnt’
speaker_heading: SECOND SOLDIER
dialog: They rob you blind and then throw
dialog: you 4 ruddy sallor!
scene_heading: THIRD SOLDIER -
dialog: Come on -- let's see ‘em}
text: She moves on, playing and singing, trying to smile them
dialog: into submission, There is an atmosphere of impending
text: trouble, with men shouting and banging the table with
text: fists and glasses.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: We want legs?
dialog: What are you hiding there?
dialog: Cut out the camouflagel
dialog: Heraus mit der trousers?
dialog: Tegs! Legs} Legs!
text: Her voice 1s drowned out now in the raging of the crowd.
text: She is trying to make the atage, but doesn't quite make
text: it. A thick-necked Sergeant grabs her.
scene_heading: . SERGEANT :
dialog: All right, Fraulein, 1f you wont,
dialog: show tem --- I will!
text: He holds her, bends down and rips one trouser~leg open,
text: exposing her leg above the knee, the stocking and the
text: fancy garter. She kicks him, Another soldier grabs
text: her and rips the other trouser-leg. The stampede is on.
text: The men packed around the bar also surge forward to get
text: an Sy melee, leaving Vole alone, sipping his schnapps
dialog: etly.
text: Christine is fighting back, kicking at those in reach,
text: hitting at others with her accordion. The musicians,
text: too, are in on the scrimmage, as are the waiters, all
text: trying to protect her. From OFF come sirens, shrill
text: whistles and screeching of brakes. -
text: A dozen British M.P.'s come surging in, past Vole at
text: the bar. ‘They fight their way through to the heart
dialog: ' of the roughhouse, start hauling the combatants apart,
text: and break up the fight. Then they start.to drag the
text: atruggling soldiers out.
dialog: 34.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CLUB (NIGHT)
text: The M.P.'s haul the soldiers out and load them on two
text: large military trucks parked outside. The Pirst Drunken
text: Soldier is being hustled onto the truck by an MP. He
text: makes a last stand, grabbing his captor's trouserleg.
scene_heading: FIRST DRUNKEN SOLDIER
dialog: All right. --- show me your legs!
text: The MP. clunks him .on the head with his night stick,,
text: then heaves him onto the truck.
text: As the last of the soldiers is being dragged out of the
text: night club, an MP. officer plasters an Out of Bounds
text: sign smack over Christine Helm's center section, Catcalis
text: ang hoots from the truck: On target, sir! -- Bullts-eye,
dialog: Leftenant! -- Kill-foy} -- Hoch der Kaiser]
text: The Lieutenant gets into the front seat of the lead truck
text: and both drive off, the soldiers hooting and shouting.
text: The street is deserted again.
text: To the right of the night club is a completely shattered
text: puliding. All that is standing is a door, The door
text: opens and Leonerd Vole comes out blithely, carefully
text: closing the door again, Without any hesitation he goes
text: to the night club. For a second he stops at the poster.
text: fhe OFF LIMITS sign has come loose at one corner. He
text: presses it down, smoothing it out, then goes down the
text: steps just as the disheveled misicians are coming out
text: with their instruments.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT clus (wicHT)
text: As Vole reenters, the waiters’ are trying to clean up
text: the mess of overturned tables, chairs and broken glesses.
text: Through the overturned furniture he sees Christine, her
text: trouser-legs torn, crawling about, looking for something.
text: She glances up at him coldly.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I forgot to finish my drink.
text: He reaches behind a fire extinguisher attached to the
text: welt for his unfinished gless of schnapps, toasts
dialog: stine. _
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Gesundheit.
dialog: (no responses
text: he downs his drink)
dialog: What are you looking for?
dialog: >,
dialog: 
dialog: 35
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: My accordion.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Let me help you.
text: He walks toward her.: Suddenly there is a discordant
text: sound, Obviously he has stepped on the accordion.
text: stops short. Christine looks up at him.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: I think I found it.
text: He looks down, then slowly raises his foot, the accordion
text: responding with a moaning sound, He winces.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Step on it again -- it's still
dialog: breathing.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I'm terribly sorry.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (taking the accordion)
dialog: All right -- get out. Weve had
dialog: trouble enough.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Actually, it's your own fault,
dialog: That costume outside gives the
dialog: boys ideas -- then your trousers
dialog: let them down - hard,
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That costume went in the first
dialog: reid on Hamburg. Then reid by
dialog: raid the rest of my dresses. Now
dialog: you've bombed my trousers.
text: Vole extends a package of cigarettes and some chewing gum,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Cigarette? Gum?
text: She takes a piece of gum, removes the wrapper and puts
text: the gum in her mouth, Vole, his eyes on her legs,
text: automatically takes out a pocket lighter and snaps it
text: on, holding it out to her.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (after a long beat)
dialog: You're burning my nose.
dialog: (~~
speaker_heading: Cc
text: Vole looks up, is aware of his mistake, grins and closes
dialog: the lighter.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Say -~ how about some coffee?
dialog: - (tapping his kit-bag)
dialog: Itve got a tin of coffee.
speaker_heading: - CHRISTINE
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I don't know -- what's the rate
dialog: of exchange?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Depends - whether it's fresh
dialog: coffee, or powdered coffee.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Itts instant coffee. any hot
dialog: water at your place?
speaker_heading: : CHRISTINE
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Let's take a chance. Where do you
dialog: live?
speaker_heading: : CHRISTINE
dialog: Nearby. Come.
text: She leads him a few steps toward the bacof the night
text: club, where a tattered curtain 1s drawn across 8 niche.
text: She pulls it back. ‘his is where she lives. It mst
text: have been the small wine cellar, now transformed into
text: makeshift living quarters. ‘The plaster is broken and
text: peeling ‘on the walls and ceiling; 1% is spareely
text: furnished with a precarious teble, ea cot and a ges plate
text: for cooking. One corner 1s just about to cave in -- it
text: is supported by a beam propped up by a chair.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Sorry -- it's the maid's night off.
text: She tosses the accordion onto the cot, then lights the
text: ges plate and puts the water on the stove.
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: It's pretty horrible -- ina
dialog: gemetilich sort of way.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It's fine now. I used to have
dialog: & roommate. A dancer. She had
dialog: luck, She married a Canadian.
dialog: She Lives now in Toronto. She
text: has a Ford automobile.
dialog: (she looks et the tiny
dialog: ges flame)
dialog: Better make yourself comfortable -
dialog: the gas is slow these days.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I've got- a week-end pass.
text: He puts his kit-bag and his cap on the table, then starts
text: for the chair in the corner.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No, not that chair. It holds up
dialog: that beam, and that holds up half
dialog: the ceiling. Better sit on the
dialog: cote
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: On the cot?
dialog: (he seats himself)
dialog: It's getting more gemetlich all
dialog: the time.
text: He watches her as she takes a couple of chipped cups from
text: ashelf. He sees a wedding ring on the appropriate finger.
speaker_heading: VOIE
dialog: Are you married?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Why?
dialog: (noticing his Look)
dialog: Oh -- that... No, I'm not married,
dialog: I just weer it when I'm working. --
dialog: It gives me a little protection -—
dialog: with all these men,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Didn't work too well
dialog: tonight, dia it?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Tonight was bed. But it is
dialog: getting better.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Where is the coffee?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 35. VOLE
dialog: ~~ Coffee -- Jawohl!
dialog: . {he jumps up, takes
dialog: ~~ a tin from his kit-bag)
dialog: The finest Brazilian blend -— the
dialog: same kind Field Marshal Montgome:
dialog: a@rinks. \
text: He has opened the tin. She pours a spoonful of the
text: powdered coffee in each of the cups. Standing behind,
text: Christine, he puts his arms around her waist. He kisses
text: the back of her neck twice - lightly. :
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: How's that for a rate of exchange?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (stirring the coffee)
dialog: Fair.
speaker_heading: WIE
dialog: Would you be interested in having
dialog: the whole tin?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I would,
text: di Be pushes the tin across the table, then turns her toward
text: oo him and kisses her more ardently.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Paix?
speaker_heading: : CHRISTINE
dialog: Very fair.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: How are you fixed for sugar?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I coulda use some. ~
speaker_heading: oS VOLE
dialog: Crean? :
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Sure.
dialog: Vole has removed two more tins from his » puts these
text: next to the coffee, then takes Christine in his arms again.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: A sugar.
dialog: o~ (a kiss)
dialog: Cream.
dialog: (a bigger kiss)
speaker_heading: QO
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: yo
dialog: 35-
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It is a pleasure to do business
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I also carry bacon, powdered eggs
dialog: and biscuits.
text: He spills the contents of the kit-bag on the table. ~
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't know if I can afford it.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Don't worry. Wetll work out an
dialog: instaliment plan. A small down-
dialog: payment will do.
text: They exchange looks, smiling. From the night clud
text: gaunt elderly waiter, dressed for the street with hat
text: and coat, looks in.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Gute Nacht, Fraulein Helm
speaker_heading: . CHRISTINE
dialog: Gute Nacht.
text: (she sees his hungry look
dialog: at the food)
dialog: Hier
dialog: (she hends him all the tins)
dialog: Nehmen Sie's mit nach Hause --
dialog: fuer die Kinder!
text: WAITER .
dialog: Danke schoen -- danke vielmels,
dialog: Praulein Helm]
text: He bows out, overwhelmed by the goodies, kills the light
text: in the night club. Vole and Christine are alone again.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: You gave away a fortune. Half pound
dialog: of bacon, four dozen powdered eggs,
dialog: and all those biscuits!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Do not worry. I shall meet every
dialog: installment.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Forget it. Wo charge. Compliments
dialog: of Flight Sgt. Leonard Vole.
dialog: yd
dialog: )d
dialog: 35-
dialog: 65."
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No. We are hungry, but we are not
dialog: beggars. .
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Nonsense. Nobody owes nothing to
dialog: nobody, Let's start from scratch.
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (a warm smile) -
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: Iet's have the coffee.
dialog: (moves to the couch)
dialog: If someone had told me I was going
dialog: to wind up with a German sailor --
text: He bursts into a rowdy rendition of REEPERBAHN, and
text: earops exuberantly on the cot, The cot collapses,
text: sliding forward and dislodging the chair. The beam
text: falls, followed by a good-sized piece of the ceiling.
text: A big cloud of plaster dust envelops the room.
text: Christine, amused. watches Vole who is shielding his
text: face with his arms.
speaker_heading: VOLE :
dialog: Itm terribly sorry. Maybe I can fix
dialog: it. I'm good at it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Why fix it? %It is not raining.
dialog: (sit' beside him on
dialog: the cot.
dialog: Are ‘you all right?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I 5.
dialog: (rubbing his head) ~.
dialog: My head hurts.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Maybe I can fix it. I'm good at it.
text: He lies back ag she kisses him, ‘The accordion groans,.
text: and Christine reaches under him to fish it out. She
text: throvs 1t into a corner of the room
text: The accordion lands upright, then collapses slowly with
dialog: @ lovely languorous sound.
scene_heading: INSTANT CUT TO:
dialog: » 36.
dialog: o~
dialog: yp
dialog: 66;
scene_heading: INT. PRISON INTERVIEW ROOM DAY
dialog: Vole, Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew as we left them. The
text: prison guard visible through the glass in the door.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (engagingly)
dialog: a+ Well, I had a week-end pass..-
dialog: @ month's pay in my pocket -~
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And she already hed a wedding ring --
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: That's right. We got married, and when
dialog: I got out of the Service, I brought her
dialog: to England. It was wonderful -- T
dialog: rented 2 little flat on Tottenham Court
dialog: Road. When Christine saw it for the
dialog: first time, she was so happy she broke
dialog: down and cried,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Naturally. She hada solid roof over
text: her head, and a British passport,
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: Oh, no, it wasn't thst at all -= it
dialog: was me, She lost all her family in
dialog: the war -~ I'm all she has.
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: politely)
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: You don't really know Christine --
dialog: the way she feels about me -- but
dialog: youl see when she gives her evi-
dialog: Ne.
speaker_heading: - . SIR WILFRID
dialog: My. Vole, I mst tell you that I am
text: not putting her in the witness box.
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: You're not!? ---- Why not?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Well -- for one thing, she is a -fore-
dialog: igner, not too familiar with the
dialog: subtleties of our language - the
dialog: Prosecution could easily trip her up --
speaker_heading: A &
dialog: ~~
dialog: A
dialog: on
dialog: 37.
dialog: n
dialog: ~~
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: I hear it may be Mr. Myers for the
dialog: Crown. We can't take chances
dialog: him,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: quite.
dialog: (consulting his watch)
dialog: with
dialog: We'd better be going. Miss Plimsoll
text: is waiting in the car - with her pills
text: and a thermos of lukewarm cocoa.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: (opening the door)
dialog: Guard!
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: But Christine mst give evidence.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (putting on his hat)
dialog: I am -- and you must trust m,
dialog: Vole. If for no other reason,
dialog: Mr.
dialog: be-
dialog: cause I am a mean, 111-tempered o1d
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Let us wish each other luck.
text: The guard has entered and takes Vole out
dialog: into the
text: corridor. Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew follow.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CORRIDOR (DAY)
text: The Warder is leading Vole up the corridor. He turns
text: back for one last plea.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (very emotional) ~
dialog: ~
dialog: I cantt face this without Christine,
dialog: I tell you, I'm scared. I need her.
dialog: Without her, I'm sunk.
text: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew contime down the
dialog: corridor.
text: They react, but they don't look back. after a few
dialog: more steps:
speaker_heading: MAYHEW .
dialog: Touching, isn't it, the way he counts
text: on his wife.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
text: Yes -~- like a drowning man, clutching
text: at a rezor blade.
text: They walk on,
speaker_heading: PADE OUT:
dialog: yo
dialog: e*4
speaker_heading: FADE In:
speaker_heading: LONDON STREET (DAY)
text: A newspaper vendor outside a Tube station, A placard
text: beside him reads: VOLE TRIAL STARTS TODAY. The business
dialog: is brisk... :
dialog: -
speaker_heading: EXT. OLD BAILEY (DAY)
text: Start on the figure of Justice on top of dome. A workman
text: on a scaffold is scrubbing the sword and the scale.
text: PAN DOWN the facade of the venerable building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, COURTROOM NO. 1 OLD BAILEY (Day)
text: Continue the pan, then stop to reveal the packed courtroom.
text: Bveryone concerned in the trial except Sir Wilfrid is
text: in place: Judge, clerks, officials, jurors, barristers,
dialog: the defendent and those of the public lucky enough to
dialog: have gained admittance. .
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (facing the Dock)
dialog: Leonard Vole, you are charged
dialog: on. tndictzent for that you on
dialog: the fourteenth day of September
dialog: in the County of Lonion,
dialog: murdered Emily Jane French.
dialog: How say you, Leonard Vole?
dialog: Are you guilty or not guilty?
text: In the Dock, flanked by two warders, stands Leonard Vole,
text: ‘pale and tense.. . ~
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Not guilty.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (tarning to’ the jurors)
dialog: Members of the Jury, the prisoner
dialog: stands indicted for that he on the
dialog: fourteenth day of September murdered
dialog: Emily Jane French. To this indictment
dialog: he has pleaded not’ guilty, and it is
dialog: your charge to say, having heard the
text: evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
dialog: Clerk: sits)
dialog: & ho.
dialog: y9
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: : . . 3 69:
text: A Warder touches Vole's shoulder and he sits down.
speaker_heading: + §HE JUDGE
dialog: Members of the Jury, by the oath you
dialog: have just taken you have sworn to
dialog: try this case on the evidence.
dialog: You must shut out from your minds
dialog: everything except what will take
dialog: place in this Court.
dialog: {to Myers) :
dialog: You may proceed for the Prosecution,
dialog: Mr. Myers. .
text: Myers rises, a keen, dark, relentless figure. He adjusts
text: his wig as he speaks.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Mey it please you, my lord.
dialog: (then ‘to the Jurors)
dialog: Members of the Jury, I appear in
dialog: this case with my learned friend
dialog: ‘Mr, Barton for the’ Prosecution.
dialog: My learned friends, Sir Wilfrid
dialog: Roberts and Mr. Brogan-Moore
dialog: appear for the Defense.
text: Re gestures to the other end of the Bar, where the Defense
text: Counsel are seated. Brogan-Moore and Mayhew are present
text: bt one seat is vacant -- no sign of Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: I trust we are not to be deprived
dialog: of the learned and stimilating :
dialog: presence of Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MDORE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: My lord, may I assure my learned
dialog: friend of the Prosecution that
text: ‘Sir Wilfrid is in the 01d Batley.
dialog: He 1s slightly incapacitated but -
dialog: he will be in his seat presently.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My lord, may I express my regret
dialog: that Sir Wilfrid is even slightly
dialog: ancapacitated <-
speaker_heading: . JUDGE
dialog: You may, Mr. Myers, and you may
dialog: also proceed with the case for the
dialog: Prosecution. ‘The transcript will
dialog: be available to Sir Wilfrid should
dialog: he require it. —
dialog: Co
dialog: . « . * 70.
dialog: Thank you, my lord.
dialog: (to the jury)
dialog: The facts in this case are simple,
text: and to a point, not in dispute.
dialog: You will hear how the prisoner
dialog: made the acquaintance of Mrs.
dialog: Emily French, a woman of fifty-
dialog: six; how he was treated by her
dialog: with kindness and even affection.
dialog: The nature of that affection you ca
dialog: will have to decide for yourselves.
dialog: On the night of October lith, last,
text: between nine-thirty and ten o'clock,
dialog: Mrs. French was murdered and medical
dialog: testimony will be introduced to
dialog: prove that death was caused by a4
text: blow from a blunt and heavy
dialog: instrument, and 1t is the case
dialog: for the Prosecution that the blow
dialog: wae struck by the prisoner, Leonerd
dialog: ole.
speaker_heading: VOLE.
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: That's not true, I didn't do it.
text: The Warder rises with him and urges him back into his seat.
text: The commotion subsides.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Among the witnesses you will
dialog: hear police evidences also, the
dialog: evidence of Mrs. French's house-
dialog: keeper, Janet MacKenzie. And from
dialog: medical and lepcratory experts,
dialog: and the testimony of the murdered
dialog: woman's solicitor, who drew her
dialog: final will. .
text: During this, s shot of the Witness’ Bench outside, with
text: Inspector Hearne, Janet MacKenzie,’ two uniformed policemen,
text: the laboretory man, and Mr. Stokes, a neatly dressed,
text: elderly solicitor. Back in the Courtroom -*
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: I will now call Chief Inspector
dialog: Hearne, Criminal Investigation
dialog: Department, New Scotland Yard.
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Chief Inspector Hearne!
dialog: yp
dialog: 41.
dialog: - 71.
text: the Witness Bench outside, In doorway from Court,
text: policeman appears.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Chief Inspector Hearne.
text: Hearne rises and enters courtroom walking to witness box.
text: The Usher hands him the Bible and holds up the oath card.
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: (by memory)
dialog: I swear by Almighty God that the
dialog: evidence I shall give shall be
dialog: the truth, the whole truth and
dialog: nothing but the truth.
text: While Hearne is reciting the oath, Vole is sitting forward
text: dn the dock, his hands closed tight on ‘the railing,
text: staring enxiousiy at the vacant seat where Sir Wilfrid
dialog: on. ee
scene_heading: INT. ROBING ROOM OLD BAILEY (pay)
text: * A small, panelled room with wooden lockers along each wall.
text: Sir Wilfrid is wearing his wig, one arm is pared, and he
text: is reluctantly allowing 4 physician, DR. HARRISON, to take
text: his blood pressura. Carter is watching and Miss Plimsoll
text: 4s filling 4 hypodermic. syringe.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: This is ridiculous -- just a dit.
dialog: of nervous heartburn -- I always
dialog: get it the first day of a trial.
dialog: (detaching the eauge )
dialog: 240 above 130 -=- you shouldn't
dialog: pe here at all.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID.
dialog: (trying to get up)
dialog: I should be in the Courtroom - -
dialog: the trial has begun!
speaker_heading: DR. HARRISON
dialog: (holding him down --
dialog: to Miss Plimsoll)
dialog: The syringe, please,
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: : (passing ‘the syringe)
dialog: Now, bea good brave boy, Sir Wilfrid.
dialog: ?
dialog: yo
dialog: 41.
dialog: . 72.
speaker_heading: ‘SIR WILFRID
dialog: Miss Plimsoll, it may interest you
dialog: to kmow that I am descended from a
dialog: warrior family which treces its
dialog: brave past back to Richard the
dialog: Iion-hearted
dialog: (off-scene Dr. Harrison
text: has jabbed him with the
dialog: needle) oe
speaker_heading: OUCH!
speaker_heading: DR. HARRISON
dialog: You*re to have a calcium injection
dialog: daily -- «a tranquilizing pill
dialog: every hour --
dialog: ( him a small white box)
dialog: - in case of a sudden pain, or
dialog: shortness of breath, pop one of these
dialog: nitroglycerine tablets -~ from the
dialog: Dlack box --
dialog: (handing him a small black box)
dialog: -- under your tongue. And Itil
dialog: leave you some drops tor = -—
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: That's enough, Doctor -= the
dialog: Judge ¥ will be asking for a4 saliva
dialog: (to Carter)
dialog: I'd better teke that thermos of
dialog: cocos with me.
dialog: (to Dr. Harrison)
text: Helps me wash down the pills.
text: He quickly gets into his silk robe while. Carter produces the
text: thermos bottle from a small attache cape.
scene_heading: . MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (to Carter)
dialog: let me see it, please.
dialog: / ( the thermos -
dialog: to Dr. Harrison)
dialog: My leerned patient is not above
dialog: substituting brandy for the cocoa --
dialog: (she has removed the cap,
text: sniffs at the contents)
dialog: It is cocoa. So sorry.
speaker_heading: ’ SIR WILFRID
dialog: If you were a woman, Miss ‘Pilmsoll,
dialog: I'd strike youl
text: He snatches the thermos and hands it to Carter.
dialog: oo
dialog: ke.
dialog: T3.:
speaker_heading: STR WILFRID
dialog: (with the suggestion
dialog: of a wink)
dialog: Take care of this, Carter.
scene_heading: _. DR. HARRISON
text: Now, Sir Wilfrid, in the courtroom,
dialog: you mist avoid over-excitement.
dialog: Watch your temper. Keep both your .
dialog: voice and your blood pressure down --
text: During this, Carter has moved to the attache case, turning
text: his back to the others. In the case is another identical
text: thermos bottle. He deftly exchanges the thermos bottles,
text: closes the container.
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: (to Dr. Hawebson)
dialog: Thank you,’ Doctor. I shall be
dialog: quite safe, what with the pills —
dialog: and the cocoa.
dialog: (taking’ the therms)
dialog: Come on, Carter! :
text: They exit: Sir wilrrid, Carter and the thermos full of
dialog: brandy. :
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM WO. 1 (DAY)
text: Myers is standing, examining Ingpector Hearne. ‘The packed
text: courtroom is following the testimony closely.
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: oes from the body temperature,
dialog: and other factors, we placed the
dialog: time of death at between nine-
dialog: thirty and ten p.m, approximately
dialog: thirty mimtes before Janet MacKenzie,
dialog: the housekeeper, returned home and -
dialog: ealled us.
speaker_heading: MVERS
dialog: In what position did you find the
dialog: body of Mrs. French?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
text: She was lying on her face, with
dialog: & severe injury to the back of her
dialog: Cry
text: Vole, in the Dock, is listening gloomtly. He looks up
text: and smiles because he sees that Sir Wilfrid and Carter
text: have entered and are proceeding to their seats. Sir Wilfrid
text: is carrying the thermos bottle under his gown. The
text: interrogation proceeds over this.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: MYERS .
dialog: Was thot injury the cause of death,
dialog: Inspector?
speaker_heading: : HEARNE .
dialog: Yes, sir. Death was instantaneous,
text: caused by one blow from a heavy and
dialog: blunt instrument,
text: Sir Wilfrid, still unnoticed by anyone but Vole, is making
text: his way to the Bar, Carter to the place reserved for him
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Were there any other signs of a
dialog: struggle? :
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: None. Just the one blow.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: One blow? Would that indicate to
dialog: you that the mrderer had taken
dialog: Mrs. French by surprise?
text: Sir Wilfrid is just about to sit down; straightens up sharply.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: My lord, I mst object --".
dialog: (the Judge, Myers, others
dialog: are now aware of
dialog: +> my learned friend refers to
text: the assailant as the murderer,
dialog: but we have not yet determined
dialog: whether the assailant was a man. --
dialog: or a woman. It could quite
dialog: conceivably have been the
dialog: murderess.
speaker_heading: . JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Myers, it seems that Sir ~
dialog: Wilfrid has joined us just in
dialog: time to catch you on a point of
dialog: grammar. Please rephrese your
dialog: ques tion..
text: Sir Wilfrid, with a little smile at Hearne, sits down.
dialog: Yes, my lord. —
dialog: (to Hearne)
dialog: Inspector, is it your opinion that
dialog: the assailant -- .
dialog: (glaring at Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: -~- whether he, she or it -= took
dialog: Mrs. French by surprise?
dialog: o
dialog: -
dialog: 5
dialog: 42. Sir Wilfrid is about to put the therms *
text: bottle under the seat, but rises quickly again.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: My lord, I am taken by surprise
dialog: that my Yearned colleague should
dialog: attempt to solicit from the witness
dialog: an opinion, and not a fact.
speaker_heading: JUDGE - .
dialog: Quite so. Youtll have to do better
dialog: than that, Mr. Myers,
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: * (resigned)
dialog: My lord, I withdraw the question
dialog: entirely.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: That's mich better.
dialog: “The sits and puts the
dialog: thermos under his seat)
text: In the crowded gallery, Miss Plimsoll squeezes
text: herself into a vacant seat next to a young blonde
text: woman whose attention is riveted on Vole in the Dock.
text: Hise Plimsoll sets her alarm wristwatch and settles
dialog: ck.
dialog: ‘Below the examination has contimued.
speaker_heading: . MERS
dialog: Very well, Inspector, let us
dialog: proceed with the facts in the
dialog: case. After establishing the
dialog: cause and the time of death,
dialog: what did you then do?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: A search was made, photographs
dialog: were taken, and the premises were
dialog: . fingerprinted. .
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: What fingerprints did you discover?
speaker_heading: HEARNE .
dialog: I found the fingerprints of Mrs.°
dialog: French, those of Janet MacKenzie,
dialog: and some which later proved to
dialog: be those of Leonard Vole.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: No others? .
dialog: (~
dialog: ~
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: : HEARNE
dialog: No others.
text: Vole takes his hands from the rail of the Dock and moves
text: uneasily in his seat at this revelation.
speaker_heading: - MYERS
dialog: Now did you say that the room
dialog: had the eppearance that a robbery
dialog: had been committed? .
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: Yes. Things were strewn about
text: and a window had been broken near
dialog: the catch. There wes glass on the
dialog: floor and fragments were found
text: outside. The glass outside was
dialog: not consistent with the window
text: having been forced from the outside.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: What you are saying is that
dialog: someone attempted to make it look
dialog: as though the window had been forced
dialog: from the outside, isn't that so?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: * (rising
dialog: My lord, I mst object. My learned
dialog: friend is putting vords in the
dialog: witness! mouth, After all, if he
text: insists on answering his own
dialog: questions the presence of the
text: witness seems superfluous.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : JUDGE
dialog: Quite, quite. Don't you think
dialog: so, Mr. Myers?
dialog: My.
dialog: . (sourly)
dialog: Yes, my lord.
dialog: (to Hearne)
dialog: Inspector, did you escertain
dialog: whether any of the mrdered
dialog: woman's property was missing?
text: HEARNE. .
dialog: According to the housekeeper,
dialog: nothing was missing.
speaker_heading: MYERS .
dialog: In your experience, Inspector,
dialog: when burglars ~-
text: with a glance at Sir Wilfrid) —
text: -- or burglaresses --break into a house,
dialog: ao they leave without taking anything?
speaker_heading: TT
dialog: he. . . HEARNE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: (~~ WERS
dialog: * Do you produce a jacket, Inspector?
speaker_heading: . . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir..
text: An Usher crosses to the table on which the exhibits are
text: put out --a@ jacket, a knife, the will, and assorted other
text: papers. The Usher picks up the jacket and takes it to
dialog: the Inspector.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Is that the jacket?
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir,
dialog: (as the Usher replaces
dialog: the jacket)
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: I propose that this be tagged
dialog: Exhibit One. .
dialog: (then to Hearne)
dialog: Where did you find this, Inspector?
speaker_heading: o ERATE
dialog: . That is the jacket found in the
dialog: prisoner's flat, which I handed
dialog: to our lab to test for bloods tains.
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: And did you find bloodstains?
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, though an attempt had been
dialog: made to wash them out.
text: Sir Wilfrid, seemingly disinterested in the interrogation,
text: twirls his monocle around his finger.
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: What tests did the laboratory
dialog: make, Inspector?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: First, to determine if the stalns
dialog: were made by human blood; then to
dialog: classify it by group or type.
dialog: ¢ And was the blood of a particular
dialog: group or type?
dialog: a
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir, It is Type 0.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: And @id you subsequently test the
dialog: blood of the dead woman?
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir. .
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: And what type was that?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: The. same --- Type 0.
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: Thank you, Inspector.
text: Vole, in the Dock, hears the excited mrmr from the
text: Courtroom, He’ glances anxiously at the Judge, who is
text: writing a note, then at the Jury whose expressions
text: indicate that the Prosecution has scored. He looks at
text: Brogan-Moore, preparing some pspers, and at Sir Wilfri
text: who is impassively twirling his monocle.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: WERS
dialog: No further questions.
text: He sits down complacently. ‘There is a moment's pause.
text: Sir Wilfrid carefully. puts the monocle in his eye, rises.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You say that the only fingerprints ~
dialog: you found were those of Mrs. French,
dialog: Janet MacKenzie and the prisoner,
dialog: Leonard Vole. In your experience
text: when a burglar breaks in, does he
dialog: usually leave fingerprints,
dialog: or does he wear gloves?
text: He wéars gloves.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Invariably?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
text: Almost invarlably.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: So the absence of fingerprints
dialog: in a case of robbery would hardly
dialog: surprise you?
dialog: (
dialog: he.
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Can't we then surmise that a burglar
dialog: might have entered what was presumably
text: an empty house, might have suddenly
dialog: encountered Mrs. French and struck
dialog: her «- then realizing that she was
text: dead, panicked and fled without
dialog: taking anything?
speaker_heading: HEARNE -
dialog: Yes, sir-- that is certainly
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: WERS
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I submit, my lord, thet it is
dialog: entirely impossible to guess
dialog: what went on in the mind of some
text: entirely imaginary burglar -- with
dialog: or without gloves,
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Quite right, Mr. ra
dialog: Tet us not surmise, Sir wileria,
dialog: Dut confine ourselves to facts.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (nods -- then to
dialog: Hearne)
dialog: Inspector, when you questioned the
dialog: prisoner as to the stains on his
dialog: jacket, did he not show you 4
text: recently healed scar on his wrist
dialog: and tell you he had cut
dialog: himself with a kitchen lend fe ~
dialog: while slicing bread?
speaker_heading: : HEARNE .
dialog: Yes, sir, that is what he said.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And were you not told the same
dialog: thing by the prisoner's wife?
speaker_heading: . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir, but afterwards --
dialog: ha,
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID -
dialog: (sharply) —
dialog: A simple yes or no, please. .
dialog: Dia the prisoner's wife show
dialog: you a knife and tell you that
dialog: her husband had cut his wrist
dialog: while slicing bread?
text: . HEARNE .
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I will ask you to examine this
dialog: knife, Inspector.
text: Usher crosses to table, picks up Ynife with tag on it,
text: and brings it to Hearne.
speaker_heading: SIR WIIFRID
text: Just test the edge of the knife
dialog: with your finger --
dialog: (Hearne does so)
dialog: -—- carefull
dialog: arne pulls his
dialog: finger away)
dialog: You agree that the point and the
dialog: cutting edge are yazorsharp?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: Yes, Sir.
text: hands knife back to
dialog: the Usher)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Now then, if such a knife were to
dialog: ‘slip, might it not inflict a cut which
dialog: would bleed profusely?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir -- it might. -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Now, Inspector, you have stated that
text: the bloodsteins on the prisoner's
dialog: jacket were analyzed, as Was the
dialog: blood of Mrs. French, and they were
dialog: both found to be of the same group -
dialog: Group 0?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: That is correct.
dialog: 81,
scene_heading: a2. SIR WILFRID -
dialog: . However, if the prisoner's blood
dialog: were also of this same group then the
text: ~~ stains on his jacket might very vell
dialog: (? have resulted from the household
dialog: * accident he described to you?
speaker_heading: ’ . HEARNE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Did you analyze the prisoner's
dialog: Plood, Inspector?
speaker_heading: HEARNE
dialog: No, sir.
dialog: sm
dialog: I have here a certificate --
dialog: (Brogan-Moore extends
dialog: it to him)
dialog: -- stating that Leonard Stephen
dialog: Vole is a blood donor at the
dialog: North London Hospital and that
dialog: his blood its --
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Group - 0.
text: o~ A buzz in the courtroom. Vole, relieved, wipes some
text: (? perspiration from his upper ‘lip.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: Thank you, Inspector.
dialog: {he sits)
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: (trying to recover
dialog: t ground,
dialog: Inspector” * eranted that the cut
dialog: on the wrist was caused by that
dialog: knife, is there anything to show ~
dialog: whether it was an accident or
dialog: done deliberately, after the murder --
dialog: to account for the biood-stains?
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: - (half-rising)
dialog: Really, my lord --!
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: I withdraw the question. You
dialog: may stand down, Inspector.
dialog: : (to the Usher}
dialog: co Call Janet MacKenzie.
dialog: he.
dialog: 82."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: Janet MacKenzie!
speaker_heading: . POLICEMAN
dialog: Janet MacKenzie}
text: Janet enters Courtroom, carrying bag and umbrella, her
text: tight-lipped face cold and expressionless. As she passes
text: the Dock she glares at Vole and contimes-on to the stand.
text: Usher hands her Bible and holds oath card. Janet starts
dialog: to recite the oath. .
text: In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll is watching the proceedings.
text: Her alarm wristwatch goes off suddenly, and she quickly
text: stifles the buzzer, She looks apologetically at the blonde
text: in the next seat, then leans forward, attracting the
text: attention of Carter below.
text: Carter catches her eye, nods, signals to Mayhew. Mayhew
text: signals to Brogan-Moore who leans close to Sir Wilfrid,
text: whispering something. Sir Wilfrid has been twirling his
text: monocie on its cord. He nods, takes out the white pill
text: box, from which he removes.one pill, Brogan-Moore lifts
text: out the thermos bottle, unscrews the cap and fills .it,
text: handing it to Sir Wilfrid. Wilfrid looks up at Mas
text: Flimsoll, who nods approvingly as he puts the pill in
text: his mouth. Then he swiris the liquid in the cup, as in
text: a snifter, inhales the aroma and swallows the contents
text: appreciatively.
text: In the Gallery Miss Plimsoll is setting her alarm watch
text: egein and whispers to her blonde neighbor:
speaker_heading: MIss PLIMSOLL
dialog: I don't think he could get
dialog: the trial if he didn?t
dialog: have his medicine every hour.
dialog: During all this Janet MacKenzie has been sworn and we have
text: heard the first of the questioning.
speaker_heading: . MYERS :
dialog: Your name is Janet MacKenzie?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Aye, that's my name.
dialog: Where do you live?
dialog: o
dialog: he.
speaker_heading: SANET
dialog: (turning to the Judge)
dialog: Now that Mrs. French, poor soul,
dialog: 4s dead, I've moved in with ny
text: niece, at 19 Glenister Place.
speaker_heading: . JUIGE
dialog: Miss MacKenzie, would you please
text: speak into the microphone.
speaker_heading: MWERS
dialog: You were companion-housekeeper
dialog: to the late Mrs. Emily French?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I was her housekeeper. I've no
dialog: opinion of companions, poor
text: feckless bodies, afraid to do a
dialog: bit of honest domestic work.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Quite. What I meant was that
dialog: you were on friendly terms —
dialog: not altogether those of a mistress
dialog: and a servant,
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: fen years I was with her and
dialog: looked after her. “She knew me
dialog: and she trusted me, and many's
dialog: the time I prevented her doing
dialog: a foolish thing.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Please tell us in your own words
dialog: about the events of the evening
dialog: of September Lith.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: It was Friday end my night out.
dialog: I wes going round ts: see my niece
dialog: in Glesis ter Road, vhich is about
dialog: five mimites' walk. I. left the house
dialog: at half-past seven. I'd promised to
dialog: bring her 4 dress pattern that she'd-
dialog: admired...
dialog: (the microphone looming
dialog: before her makes her
dialog: nervous == to the
dialog: Judge
dialog: Is this thing necessary?
dialog: 83;
dialog: ‘or
dialog: (~
dialog: he.
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: JUDGE .
dialog: An excellent question. However,
dialog: it has been installed at considerable
dialog: expense to the taxpayers so let us
dialog: take advantage of it. Please continue.
speaker_heading: __ JANET - :
dialog: Well, when I got to my niecets, I
dialog: found I'd left the pattern behind so
dialog: after supper I slipped back to get it, ,
dialog: as it was no distance. I got back
dialog: to the house at twenty-five mimtes
dialog: past nine. I let myself in, and
dialog: went upstairs to my room
dialog: (glances at Vole)
dialog: As I passed the sitting-room, I
dialog: heard the prisoner in there
text: talking to Mrs, French.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: No! It wasn't me! It wasntt
dialog: my voice}
text: The warders restrain him. He sinks back in his chair.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: You're sure it was the -
dialog: prisoner's voice you heard?
speaker_heading: . JANET
dialog: Aye, I know his voice well enough ~-
text: with him calling so often. Talking
dialog: and laughing they were, but it was
dialog: no business of mine, so I went up-
dialog: stairs and fetched my pattern.
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: let us be very exact about the time.
dialog: You say that you reentered the
dialog: house at twenty-five past nine? >
speaker_heading: JANET
text: Aye. The pattern was on a shelf in
dialog: my room, right next to my clock, and
dialog: I saw the time. ‘Twenty-five past nine.
dialog: Go on, please.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I went beck to my niece. She was de-
text: lighted with the pattern --
dialog: she has turned to the
text: Judge who waves her back
dialog: toward the microphone)
dialog: . Ceont'd)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: * et JANET (contta.) there |
dialog: -~ simply delighted. stayed re
dialog: unt: twenty a eleven, then came
dialog: home. I went into the sitting-room
dialog: to see if the mistress wanted anything,
dialog: and there she was, dead, with every-
text: thing tossed hither and thither.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Did you realy think that a burg’
dialog: had occurre .
text: Sir Wilfrid is still doodling with his pills, but at this
text: question he leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: My lord, I mst protest.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: I will not allow that question to be
dialog: answered, Mr. Myers.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Mtlord.
dialog: (to Janet)
dialog: How much did you know about the
dialog: prisoner?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I knew that he needed money.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Did you ever hear him ask Mrs.
dialog: Prench for money?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: He was too clever for that.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Were you aware, Miss MacKenzie,
dialog: that Teonard Vole was a married
dialog: man‘
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: No indeed! Neither was the
dialog: mistress.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (he 13 again restrained)
speaker_heading: STR WILFRID
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Mlord, I mst object. Wheat Mrs,
dialog: Prench knew or did not knew is pure ~
text: conjécture on Janet Mackenzie's part.
dialog: Janet!
dialog: ne.
dialog: let me put it this way .e«.
dialog: (Wilfrid sits
dialog: You formed the opinion
dialog: that Mrs. French thought Leonard
dialog: Vole a single man? Have you any
dialog: facts. to support that opinion?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: here was the books she ordered,
dialog: The Life of Baroness Burdett
dialog: Couts and one about Disraeli and his
dialog: wife. Both of them about women whota
dialog: married men years younger than
dialog: themselves. I knew what she was
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I'm afraid we cannot admit that.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (bristling)
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Members of the Jury, it is possible
dialog: for 8 woman to read the Life of
text: Disraeli without contemplating
dialog: marriage with a man younger than
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: (after laugher has
dialog: - subsided)
dialog: Miss MacKenzie, . were you aware
dialog: of what arrangements Mrs. French
dialog: had made for the disposal of her
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Yes, she had her old will revoked
dialog: and a new one drawn up. I heard
dialog: her calling her solicitor, Mr.
dialog: Stokes. He was there, too, the
dialog: prisoner, I mean.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: You heard the prisoner and Mrs.
dialog: French discussing her new will?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Aye. He was to have all her
dialog: money, she told him, as she
dialog: had no near relatives nor
dialog: anybody who meant to her what
dialog: he dia.
dialog: ~
dialog: we 4
dialog: yw
dialog: he.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: And when did this take place?
speaker_heading: * JANET
dialog: On September 8th, one week to the
dialog: day before she was murdered.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (turning slightly ,
dialog: to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: That concludes my examination,
text: ‘Janet rises, is about to leave the box, but Sir Wilfrid
text: stops her.
dialog: : sik
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Not just yet, Miss MacKenzie.
text: She gives him an angry look and resumes her place in
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: (monocle in eye)
dialog: Miss MacKenzie, you have given
dialog: testimony about two wills:
dialog: in. the ola will, the will
dialog: that was revoked, were you
dialog: not to receive the buik of
dialog: Mrs. French's estate?
dialog: wv
dialog: Aye. ‘That is so.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Whereas in the new will, except
dialog: fora bequest to you of a small
dialog: anmity, the principal beneficiary
dialog: is the prisoner, Ieonard Vole?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: It will be a wicked injustice if
dialog: he ever touches a penny of that
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It is entirely understandable
dialog: that you are antagonistic to the
dialog: prisoner,
speaker_heading: ANET
dialog: I'm not antagonistic to him. He's
text: a shiftless scheming rascal - but
dialog: I'm not antagonistic to him
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I suggest that you have formed
dialog: this opinion because his friendship
dialog: with your mistress cost you the bulk
dialog: of her estate.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I never liked hin.
scene_heading: - SIR WILFRID .
dialog: Your candour is refreshing. Now,
dialog: on the night of September 14th,
dialog: you say you heard the prisoner
text: and Mrs. French talking together.
dialog: What did you hear them say?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: tr aLdant hear what they sctuslly said.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You mean you only heard the voices --
dialog: the mxmyr of voices?
speaker_heading: JANET
text: They were laughing.
speaker_heading: STR WILFRID
dialog: What makes yo: say the man's voice
dialog: was Teonard Vo'.e?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I know his voice well enough.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: The door was closed, was it not?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You were no doubt in a hurry to
dialog: get the pattern, so you probably
text: walked quickly past the closed
dialog: Gcoor -— yet you are sure that
dialog: you heard Leonard Vole's voice?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Iwas there long enough to hear
dialog: what I heard. .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Come, Miss MacKenzie, I'm sure
dialog: you don't wish to suggest to the
dialog: Jury that you were eavesdropping.
dialog: (7
dialog: co
speaker_heading: eS
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I know it was him in there with
dialog: her. Who else could it have been?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Exactly! What you mean is you
dialog: wanted it -to be him. Thatts the
dialog: way your mind worked. Now, tell
dialog: me, did Mrs. French sometimes
dialog: watch television in the evening? .
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Aye. She was fond of a talk, or
dialog: & good play.
dialog: sir
dialog: Wasn't 1t possible that on the
dialog: evening when you returned home
dialog: and passed the door, that what
dialog: you really heard was the television
text: and a man and woman's voices, and
dialog: laughter?
dialog: (to the Jury)
dialog: There was a play called *Ioverts
dialog: Ieap™ on the television that nignt.
speaker_heading: noe - JANET
dialog: It was not the television,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Oh? Why not?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Because it was away being repaired
dialog: at Ww: -
text: Laughter in the Courtroom, the Jurors joining in. the
text: Judge, with a smile, 1s making a note.
text: Mayhew and Brogan-Moore exchange a worried glance. Sir
text: Wilfrid reaches for his "cocoa," unscrews the cup and
text: pours, guilping it like a man who needs the restore tive.
text: in the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll has seen Wilfrid take the
text: “eocoa", She looks at her watch, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (to her blonde
dialog: neighbor)
dialog: Odd -- it's not time yet.
text: Sir Wilfrid, catching her look, quickly takes a pill from
text: the white box and swallows it with an innocent grin,
dialog: “90.
text: a€ 42, In the Courtroom, the Usher cries "Silence" and as the
text: oo crowd subsides, Myers rises.
speaker_heading: MYERS:
dialog: {with a look at
dialog: Sir Wilfrid).
dialog: If my learned friend has no further
dialog: questions I would like --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (rising ponderously)
dialog: I have not quite finished.
dialog: “Tto Janet -- quite loud)
dialog: You are registered, are you not,
dialog: under the Netional Health
dialog: Insurance Act?
speaker_heading: : JANET
dialog: That's so. Four-and-six I have
dialog: to pay out each week. It's a
dialog: terrible lot of money for a
dialog: working woman to pay.
speaker_heading: - $IR WILFRID
dialog: T am sure’ that many agree with
dialog: you. Now, then, Miss MacKenzie
dialog: did you recently apply to the
dialog: National Health Insurance <--
dialog: (aropp
dialog: “yo
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (st411 in a lower
dialog: tone,
dialog: A hearing aid?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: What did you say?
text: Isughter in the Courtroom, The Usher cries *stience®,
dialog: + (bristling)
dialog: My lord, I mst protest at the
dialog: manner in which this question
dialog: is being put--
dialog: ©)
dialog: aac. ae
dialog: y
dialog: “Ys
dialog: Dy
dialog: a ! QTR WILFRID). et
dialog: I will repeat the question, my lord--
dialog: (to Janet -- loudly now
dialog: I asked you, in a normal tone of
text: voice, audible to everyone in open
dialog: court -- .did you apply to the
dialog: National HeaLth urence for &
dialog: hearing eid?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: . (also loud)
dialog: Yes, I ata
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: . : SIR WILFRID
dialog: However, you state that you
text: walked past a door which is four
dialog: ‘dnehes of solid oak, you heard
dialog: voices, and you are willing to
dialog: swear that you could distinguish
dialog: the voice of --
dialog: (lowering his tone) -
dialog: = the prisoner, Leonard Vole?
dialog: Loe Jane"
dialog: Who? 7
speaker_heading: , SIR WILFRID
dialog: No further questions!
text: He sits down, breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: JANET .
dialog: (to the Judge) ~
dialog: Maybe you can help me, Your Lordship --
dialog: six months ago I epplied for the
dialog: hearing ald --
speaker_heading: JUIGE :
dialog: My dear Miss MacKenzie, considering.
dialog: the rubbish that is being talked
dialog: nowadays, you are missing very
dialog: little.. You may stand down now.
text: She stands down, amidst some general laughter.
text: Moore, Mayhew and Carter exchange satisfied looks at
text: their leader's triumph. Even Vole shows some relief in
text: a faint smile. The usher cries “Silence!”
dialog: yu
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 42.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MERS |
text: Call Police Constable Jeffries.
text: This is echoed by Usher and Policeman, Constable
text: Jeffries rises, proceeds to the Box and is sworn.
text: During this Sir Wilfrid has shaken all the pills out
text: of whis white box and starts forming them into a large,
dialog: star.
dialog: MOVE IN on the pattern, then --=
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: THE COURTROOM AGAIN /
text: Myers standing in his ususl place.
speaker_heading: MYERS.
dialog: fhe Prosecution will now call Mr.
dialog: Henry Stokes.
text: This. is echoed by the Usher and Policeman, Mr. Stokes,
text: Mrs. Prench's solicitor, is the last one’ on the Witness
text: Bench, He rises, carrying his briefcase, crosses to
dialog: the Witness Box and is sworn,
text: Sir Wilfrid 1s doodling with the pills. There are only
text: a few pills left, and the pattern -- now a circle --
dialog: is very mch smaller.
text: MOVE IN on the pattern, and then --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: THE COURTROOM AGAIN
text: The Judge looks up from notes he is making.
speaker_heading: JUIGE
dialog: Mr. Myers, does that conclude your
dialog: case?
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: (on his feet)
dialog: No, my lord, I now call the final
dialog: witness for the Prosecution,
dialog: Christine Helm!
text: There is stunned silence for an instant. Then, as the , .
text: Usher and Policeman repeat the summons ~- "Christine Helm!"
text: -- an excited mirmir springs up.
dialog: jo
dialog: 93i"
text: Sir Wilfrid looks up’ sharply.” Mayhew and Brogan~
text: Moore Jook at each other..
text: Jeonard Vole, in the Dock, turns slowly toward the
text: witness's entrance, a bewlldered look in his eyes.
text: Christine enters the Courtroom, she is poised and
text: inscrutable ag she waiks deliberately toward the Box.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (an incredulous
dialog: whisper, es she
dialog: passes)
dialog: Chris tine
text: She does not look at him, nor dces she react to his
text: voice. She takes her place in the Witness Box, takes
text: the Bible from the Usher and reads from the oath card
text: in a clear, dispassionate voice.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I swear by Almighty God that the
dialog: evidence that I shall give shall
dialog: be the truth, the whole truth and
dialog: nothing but’ the truth.
text: As. she concludes the onth, Sir Wilfrid is already on
dialog: his feet. . >
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: My lord, I have the most serious
dialog: objection to this witness being
dialog: summoned by the Prosecution as
dialog: she 1s the wife of the prisoner,
dialog: Teonard Vole
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: My lord, I call my learned friend's ©
dialog: attention to the fact that I summoned
dialog: Rot Meee Otte but Mrs, Helm.
dialog: Your name, in fact, is Christine Helm?
dialog: Yes. Christine Helm,
speaker_heading: ' MTERS
dialog: You have been living as the wife
dialog: of the prisoner, Leonard Vole?
speaker_heading: - CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Are you actually his wife?
dialog: 94..
scene_heading: 42. CHRISTINE
dialog: I went through a marriage ceremony
dialog: with him in Hamburg. But I already
dialog: (~~ had a husband -- he is still alive.--
text: Leonard leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: - VOLE
dialog: __. (wildly) :
dialog: Christine! --~ that's not tres --=
text: He is restrained by the warders.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (never looking at him)
dialog: -- this being so, my marriage to
dialog: Mr. Vole was not --
dialog: . (looking at Myers
dialog: for help)
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: Not valia?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Not valid,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: My lord, there is proof of a marriage
dialog: (7 . between the witness and Leonard Vole.
dialog: . ‘ There is no root a of an
dialog: alleged previou:
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My lord, the ellezed previous marriage
dialog: is in fact weii-documented,
dialog: (with a superior
dialog: de, he takes a
dialog: document from an
dialog: assistant)
dialog: Mrs. Helm, is this a certificate of
dialog: marriage between yourself and one -
dialog: Otto Indwig Helm...?
text: The Usher takes the document from Myers, shows it to
dialog: Christine...
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: eee. the ceremony having taken place
dialog: in Bresleu on the 18th of April, 19427
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. That is the paper of my marriage.”
dialog: ¢
dialog: oa
dialog: (™
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I should like to see that
dialog: certificate.
dialog: (Usher hands it to him;
dialog: he looks at 1t quickly)
dialog: I think this witness 1g qualified
dialog: to give evidence,
dialog: (hands 1+ beck to Usher)
text: fhe Usher carries the document to Sir Wilfrid. He takes
text: it and without looking at 1t throws it angrily on the table.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (to Myers)
dialog: Having had the benefit of Sir
dialog: Wilfriats opinion, you may
dialog: proceed.
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: Mrs. Helm, are you willing to
dialog: give evidence against the man
dialog: you have been calling your
dialog: husband?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I am willing.
speaker_heading: WERS
dialog: On the night that Mrs. French was
dialog: murdered, you stated to the police
dialog: that Ieonard Vole left the house
dialog: at seven-thirty and returned at
text: twenty-five minutes past nine.
dialog: Did he, in fact, return at
dialog: twenty-five past nine?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No. He returned at ten
text: mimtes past ten.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (on his feet)
dialog: Christine, what are you ssying?
dialog: Tatts not true. You know it's
dialog: not tre!
text: The Court is in an uproar,
speaker_heading: JUIGE
dialog: (taps for order)
dialog: I. mst have silence! ‘As your
dialog: counsel will tell you, Vole, you
dialog: will very shortly have an opportunity
dialog: of speaking in your own defense!
dialog: 42,
dialog: (
dialog: (—
speaker_heading: MWERS —
dialog: Leonard Vole returned, you say,
text: at ten minutes past ten. And
dialog: what happened next?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
text: He was breathing hard, very excited,
text: He threw off his coat and examined
dialog: the sleeves. Then he told me to
dialog: wash the cuffs. They had blood
dialog: on them,
speaker_heading: MWERS
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: . CHRISTINE
dialog: I said, "leonard, what have you
dialog: done?"
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: What did the prisoner say to
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: - (Ampass ively)
dialog: He said, "Itve killed her!"
text: In the Dock, Vole leaps to his feet despite the warders
text: who struggle to restrein him,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Christine! Why are you saying
dialog: these things?! Why are you lying!?
text: e Court is again in an uproar, the Usher crying
dialog: iiences"
text: In the Gallery, the spectators are whispering excitedly to
text: each other. Miss Plimsoll and her pilonde neighbor are
text: Jeaning forward, both very agitated, the blonde clutching
text: Miss Plimsoll's arm ne
speaker_heading: BIONDE
dialog: What ean awful woman!
speaker_heading: MIss PLIMSOLL
dialog: Oh, she's evil, that one. Itve
dialog: known it all along.
text: fhe Judge is rapping for order. fhe Courtroom calms down.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: If the Defense so desires IT
dialog: will order a brief recess, so
dialog: that the prisoner may gain control
dialog: of himself.
dialog: Oo
dialog: as)
dialog: hea,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (rising)
dialog: My lord is most gracious, but prey
dialog: let the witness continue. We are
text: all of us caught up in the suspense
dialog: of this horror fiction -= to have
dialog: to hear it in installments might
text: prove unendurable.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Proceed, Mr. Myers.
speaker_heading: MWERS
dialog: Mrs. Helm, when the prisoner said,
dialog: ®T have killed her,” aia you know
dialog: to whom he referred?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. It was the woman he had
dialog: been going to see so often.
speaker_heading: . MWERS
dialog: Now, then, when questioned by
dialog: the police, you told them that
dialog: the prisoner came home at nine-
dialog: twenty-five?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. Because Leonard asked me
dialog: to say that!
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: But you have changed your story
dialog: nov === why?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I cannot go on lying to save him!
dialog: I said to the police what he wanted
dialog: me to say because I am grateful to _
dialog: him. He married me.and brought me
dialog: to this country. What he has
dialog: asked me to do I have always
dialog: Gone because I was grateful.
speaker_heading: MYERS _
dialog: It was not because he was your
dialog: husband, and you loved him?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No. I never loved him,
text: In the Dock, Vole is leaning on his hands, staring dully
text: straight ahead. :
dialog: (~™
dialog: (7
dialog: 42.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: (to Christine)
dialog: It was gratitude to the prisoner
dialog: then that prompted you to give
dialog: him an alibi in your statement
dialog: to the police?
speaker_heading: . CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes, that is it, exactly.
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: But now you feel that it was
dialog: wrong to do so?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It 1s mrder, That woman -- she
dialog: was a harmless old fool, and he
dialog: makes of me-an accomplice to the
dialog: murder, I cannot come into
dialog: Court and swear that he was with
dialog: me at the time when it was done.
dialog: I cannot do it. I cannot do it.
speaker_heading: MWERS
dialog: Then this is the truth? -- that
dialog: Teonard Vole returned that night
dialog: at ten minutes past ten. ‘That
text: he had bicod on the sleeves of
dialog: his coat, and that he said to
dialog: you, "I have killea her"?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That is the truth.
speaker_heading: MTERS
dialog: That is the truth -- before God?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That is. the truth,
speaker_heading: MWERS.
text: (solemnly, a low voice)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (he sits) -
text: The hushed Courtroom is’ focussed on Sir Wilfrid. For a
text: long beat he sits still, breathing hard. Vole and Sir
text: Wilfrid's colleagues are anxiously waiting for him to
text: rise for the cross-examination Finelly, with a sweeping
text: gesture of the hand, he brushes awey .the pills before
text: him, then lifts himself slowly to his feet.
dialog: a2.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Mrs. Vole -- or Mrs. Helm <= which
dialog: do you prefer to be called?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It does not matter.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Does it not? In this country
dialog: we are inclined to take a rather
dialog: more serious view of marriage.
dialog: However - Freu Helm, it would
dialog: appear that when you first mt
dialog: the prisoner in Hamburg you lied
dialog: to him about your marital status?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE .
dialog: I wanted to get out of Germany, 80 ===
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: You lied, did you not? Just "yes"
dialog: or “no,” please
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Thank you. And subsequently, in
dialog: arranging the marriage, you lied
dialog: to the authorities?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I.did not tell the truth to the
dialog: authorities.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You lied to them?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And in the ceremony of marriage
dialog: itself, when you swore to love
dialog: and to honor and to cherish your
dialog: husband, that, too, was a lie?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And then -- when the police questioned
dialog: you about this wretched man who believed
dialog: himself married and loved, you told
dialog: em -< .
dialog: 7
dialog: he.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I told them what Leonard wanted
dialog: me to say --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You told them that he was at
dialog: home with you at twenty-five .
dialog: minutes past nine -- and now you
dialog: say that that was a lie?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes. A lie.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And when you said that he had
dialog: accidentally cut his wrist,
dialog: you lied?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Now today you have told us 4 new
dialog: story entirely. The question is,
dialog: Preau Helm, were you lying then,
dialog: are you lying now, or are you not,
dialog: in fect, 2 chronic and habitual
dialog: ri?
dialog: 
text: By now he is short of breath, his hand holding his chest.
text: In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll sees his distress. She
text: Jeans forward to attract Carter's attention.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (hoarse whisper) '
dialog: The other pill -- under the
dialog: (pantomimes it)
text: Carter rises quickly, takes out the black: pill-box and
text: surreptitiously passes it to Brogan=Moores
dialog: During this --
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My lord, is my learned colleague
dialog: to be allowed to bully and insult
dialog: the witness in this fashion?
speaker_heading: . JUDGE .
dialog: Mr. Myers, this is a capital charge,
dialog: and within the bounds of reeson I
dialog: would like the Defense to have every
dialog: latitude.
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: he.
dialog: lol.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (violently, despite
dialog: his spasm,
dialog: My lord, mey I also remind my —
dialog: learned friend that his witness,
dialog: by her own admission, hes already
dialog: violated so many oaths that I am
dialog: surprised the Testament did not
text: leap from her hand when she was .
dialog: sworn here today.
dialog: {to Christine) -
dialog: I doubt if anything 1s to be
dialog: gained by questioning you any
dialog: further. ‘That will be all,
dialog: Frau Helm! _
text: He sits, breathing heavily, his head back, his hand under
text: the robe holding his chest. Brogan-Moore pushes the open
text: black box toward him. Sir Wilfrid tekes a pill, slips -
text: 4t under his tongue, leans back again,
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Mrs. Helm, I presume you know
dialog: the meaning cf the English word
dialog: ®perjury,*
text: glancing at a note) “|
dialog: In German, the vord is. "Meineid,
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes - Meineid -- it means to
text: swear falsely under. oath.
speaker_heading: MYERS .
dialog: And are you aware, Mrs. Helm,
dialog: that in this country the penalty
dialog: for perjury is a heavy term of
dialog: imprisonment?
scene_heading: . CHRISTINE -
dialog: Yes, I am aware. :
dialog: (solemnity)
dialog: Mindful of this, Mrs. Helm, I
dialog: ask you once more ---- is the
dialog: evidence you have given the truth,
dialog: the whole truth, and nothing but
dialog: the truth?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINS
dialog: Se help me God.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: : MYERS
dialog: Then that, my lord, is the case
dialog: for the Prosecution.
text: He indicates to Christine to step down, and sits. ©
text: The Courtroom is buzzing with excitement. Christine
text: crosses to the Exit, looking straight shead. In the Deck
text: Vole sits mumb, his head bowed. The eyes of the varders
text: follow her, but Vole never raises his head.
text: In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll glances at her blonde
text: neighbor and sees her wiping eway a tear.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (opening her handbag)
dialog: Want a tissue?
speaker_heading: BIONDE
dialog: (choked up)
dialog: Yes, thanks.
dialog: (takes it)
dialog: It's the first mrder trial I've
dialog: ever been to. It's terrible.--
text: Be the Usher cries "Silence" and the Courtroom becomes
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, are you ready for
dialog: the Defense? “
dialog: difftevlty)
dialog: My lord, members of the Jury, the
dialog: Prosecution has very ably presented
dialog: against the prisoner, Leonard Vole,
dialog: & case of the most overwhelming
dialog: circumstantial evidence, Among the
dialog: witnesses you have heard Chief
dialog: Inspector Hearne, who has given his
dialog: testimony in a fair and imertisl
dialog: manner -~- as he always does in these
dialog: cases. He has evolved and put
dialog: before you a clever theory of
dialog: how this crime was committed.
dialog: Whether it 1s theory or actual
dialog: fact, however, you will] decide for
dialog: vourseivess Then - you have hea:
dialog: ie evidence of Janet MacKenzie,
dialog: @ worthy and devoted housekeeper,
dialog: who has suffered two most grievous
dialog: losses. One, the death of her beloved
dialog: ‘mistress -- and second, in being deprived
dialog: of an inheritance of 80,000 pounds which
dialog: she had fully expected to receives I will
dialog: not comment further on her evidence,
speaker_heading: Ccont®a)
dialog: ne.
dialog: 
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID (CONT'D)
dialog: == but will express only my
dialog: deepest sympathy for her in
dialog: both these mishaps.
dialog: And finally -- most damaging of
dialog: all - the Prosecution has: produced
dialog: 8 surprise witness, one Chris tine
dialog: Helm --whom the prisoner married
dialog: and brought from the rubble of her
dialog: homeland to the safety of this
dialog: country, giving her his love and
dialog: the protection of his name. I
dialog: objected to her testimony beceuse
dialog: a wife cannot give evidence harmful
dialog: to her husband, but it hes been
dialog: proven that her marriage to Leonard
dialog: Vole was fraudulent end bigamous.
dialog: Therefore, her evidence mst be
dialog: admitted and you mist consider
dialog: 4t for what it 1s vorth.
dialog: Such is the Prosecutionts case.
text: Now it is the turn of the Defense.
dialog: We could present, on behalf of
dialog: the prisoner, a variety of
dialog: witnesses to his character, his
dialog: war record, the lack of criminal
dialog: or evil association in his past.
dialog: However, only one witness can
dialog: shed new light on this tragic
text: riddle -- the prisoner himself.
dialog: Members of the Jury, T cals
dialog: Ieonara Stephen Volel
text: Te entire Courtroom is intent on Vole as he raises his
text: head, gets up slowly, Leaves the Dock and proceeds to
text: the Witness Hox, followed by the Warder, who stops and
text: - gtands near the Barristerts door.
text: he Usher hands him the Book and holds up the oath card.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: —I swear by Almighty God that the
dialog: evidence I-shall give will be the
dialog: truth, the whole truth and nothing
dialog: put the truth.
text: Brogan-Moore has placed e long sheet of paper before
text: Sir Wilfrid, who pushes 1t away.
dialog: ae.
dialog: yy
dialog: “)
dialog: : ‘ 5 104.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Your name is Leonard Stephen Vole?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: 55 Tottenham Court Road. -
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: leonard Stephen Vole, did you
dialog: or did you not, on the night of
dialog: September 18th last, mrder Enily
dialog: Jane French?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I did not.
text: Sir Wilfrid sits, with a gesture to Myers that Vole is all
text: his. Myers is taken by surprise. Brogen-Moore, Msyhew and
text: Carter look at one another, baffled. ‘There is an excited
text: marmr in the Courtroom and the Usher cries "silence."
speaker_heading: . JUDGE
dialog: Have you, in fact, concluded .
dialog: your exemination of the prisoner,
dialog: Sir Wilfrid?
dialog: sir
dialog: (hair rising)
dialog: My lord, the prisoner has endured
dialog: three days of the most profound
text: mental sgony and shock. The
dialog: Defense feels that his faculties
dialog: should be spared for the cross-
dialog: examination by my learned friend
dialog: for the Prosecution, This
dialog: not a plea for any indulgence. -
dialog: I an Confident thet no matter how
dialog: - searching this may be, the
dialog: prisoner will withstand it..
dialog: (he sits :
speaker_heading: . : MWERS
dialog: (wading in on Vale)
dialog: Mr. Vole, at the time that you
dialog: made the acquaintance of Mrs..
dialog: Prench, were you employed?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No, sir.
dialog: he.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MYERS .
dialog: How mich money did you have?
speaker_heading: VOLE
text: Only a few pounds.
speaker_heading: : MYERS
dialog: Did she ever give you any money?
speaker_heading: VOLE .
dialog: No, not a penny. .
speaker_heading: * MYERS
dialog: DLd you expect to receive any?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: Did you know thet in her new
dialog: will, you were the beneficiary
dialog: to the extent of 80,000 pounds.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MVERS
dialog: Nov, Mr. Vole, when you went to
dialog: visit Mes. French for the last
dialog: time, did you wear a trench
dialog: coat and a brown hat?
speaker_heading: . WIE
dialog: Yes, I did
text: Myers has produced from a file a small poster, about 7 x
text: 11,° featuring 2 photograph of Vole in trench coat and
text: hat, with an inscription below in small black cepitals:
dialog: Wi1l any person who saw this man on the evening of
text: September 14th last, between 9:00 and 9:30 P.M,
dialog: communicate with Leslie Mayhew, Solicitor, of 15 Cork
scene_heading: Street, London, W.1, Telephone Gerrard 0909.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: (noleing up poster)
dialog: Was it this coat and hat?
dialog: Vor
dialog: Yes.
dialog: P~
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . MYERS *
dialog: My lord, the Defense, leaving no
text: stone unturned in its efforts to
dialog: establish an alibi for the prisoner,
dialog: circulated this photograph hoping
dialog: to bring. forth a witness who had
text: _ seen him leaving Mrs. Prench's
text: house or entering his own at the’
dialog: times he has stated. Apparently, .
dialog: this splendid effort was without .
dialog: results. However, the Defense
dialog: will be pleased to learn that
text: at the last moment a witness has
dialog: come forward, and that the
dialog: prisoner had been seen, wearing
dialog: this coat and this hat. .
dialog: : (reactions from Vole,
dialog: and from Sir Wilfrid
dialog: and his associates)
dialog: Lamentably, he had not been
dialog: seen on the night of the
dialog: murder, but exactly one week
dialog: before.
dialog: taening sharply
dialog: to Vole
dialog: On the afternoon of September 8th,
dialog: were you or were you not in a
dialog: travel agency in Regent Street
dialog: Anquiring about prices and
dialog: schedules of foreign cruises?
dialog: (ins tantly)
dialog: Supposing I did. That*s not a
dialog: crime, is it?
speaker_heading: , WERS
dialog: Not at all. Many people go for
dialog: a@ cruise ~-when_they can Bey. for it.
dialog: But you c % pay for it, cou.
dialog: you, Mr. Vole?
speaker_heading: VOIE
dialog: Iwas hard up. I %old you so.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: And yet you came into this
dialog: particular travel agency -
dialog: with ablonde -- a honey bionde,
dialog: I understand --
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: A honey bionde, Mr. Myers?
dialog: ne.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: A term for a lady with hair like
dialog: honey, my lord.
speaker_heading: JUIGE
dialog: Sounds a bit sticky, doesn't 1t?
text: Laughter in Court. Wot in Sir Wilfria's camp, however,
text: where he and his associates are huddled with very worried
dialog: - faces. ,
text: In the Gallery, Miss Plimsoll is looking down at the Bar.
text: Her blonde neighbor is biting her lip.
speaker_heading: Miss PLIMSOLL
dialog: (locking at the Judge)
dialog: Quite a sense of humor!
dialog: Wouldn't strike him so funny
dialog: if he were in the Dock.
text: Below, the Courtroom has settled down again,
speaker_heading: MZERS
dialog: {not letting Vole
dialog: off the hook)
dialog: You then admit that you made
dialog: inquiries about the most
dialog: expensive and luxurious
dialog: cruises. How did you expect
dialog: to pay for such a thing?
speaker_heading: - VOLE
dialog: I don't know, it was --
speaker_heading: MWERS
dialog: If you don't know -- perhaps I
dialog: can help you. On the morning of
dialog: the ve ame day, according to
dialog: . Stoxes, you heard Mrs. French
dialog: change her will, leaving you the
dialog: bulk of her money --
speaker_heading: VOLE .
dialog: I didn't! I knew nothing about
dialog: the willl
speaker_heading: , MZERS
dialog: -- and in the afternoon, you
dialog: started making plans to dispose
dialog: of the money!
dialog: Jus
dialog: ha.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No! It was nothing of the kind!
dialog: Tas in a pub, and I met this
dialog: girl -- I don't even know her
dialog: mame -- we had a couple of drinks
dialog: and then we walked out together --
dialog: we passed thet display window with
text: fancy posters with blue seas and
dialog: palm trees -- the Grecian Islands,
dialog: or some plece -- so we went in --
dialog: dust for the fun of it -- and we
dialog: asked for some folders. The man
dialog: gave me sort of a funny lock --
dialog: because I looked 8 bit shabby --
dialog: and it irritated me so I kept
dialog: asking for the swanklest tours --
text: all de luxe and a cabin on the boat
dialog: deck -- just putting on an act --
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: An act? No, not an act -- you
dialog: knew that in a week you were
dialog: ‘going to inherit 80,000 pounds!
speaker_heading: : VOLE
dialog: No, 1t was nothing like that!
dialog: It was make-velieve and childish--
dialog: but it was fun and I enjoyed
dialog: 4t. I wasn'* thinking of
dialog: killing anybody, or inheri
dialog: Any money!
speaker_heading: : MYERS
dialog: It was just remarkable coincidence
dialog: that Mrs. French should be
dialog: killed only a week later?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I've told you - I didn't kill her!
speaker_heading: MZERS -
dialog: Can you suggest any reason why
dialog: the witness, Christine Helm,
dialog: should deliberately give the
dialog: evidence she has given if it
dialog: were not true?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (starting to break)
dialog: No, I dontt. I don't know why
dialog: my wife - I dontt even know why
dialog: I still cali her my wife --she
text: mist be lying, or out of her mind.
dialog: ke.
speaker_heading: MYERS .
dialog: She seemed remarkably sane, and
dialog: gelf-possessed, But insanity is
dialog: the only reason you can suggest?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I don't understend it!
dialog: -( tértured)
dialog: Oh, God, what's happened - what's
dialog: changed her?!
speaker_heading: . MYERS
dialog: very effective, I'm sure. But
dialog: in this Court, we deal with fact.
dialog: And the fect is, Mr. Vole, that
dialog: we have only your word for it,
dialog: that you left Emily Prench's
dialog: house at the time you say you
dialog: dia, and that you arrived home
text: at five and twenty minutes past
dialog: nine, and that you did not go
text: out again.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: Someone mst have seen me - in
dialog: the street -
dialog: (to Jury)
dialog: - or going into the house.
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: One would certainly think so -
dialog: put the only person who did
dialog: see you come home that wight says
dialog: dit was at ten minutes past ten.
dialog: An@ she ssys that you had blood
dialog: on your clothes.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (throws arm. out)
dialog: I cut my wrists ~
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: You cut your wrist deliberately!
dialog: (hand to head)
dialog: I can hear it myself!
speaker_heading: MWWERS
dialog: You came home at ten past ten!
dialog: 4a,
dialog: 43.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No, I didn't - you've got to
dialog: belteve me!
dialog: (to Jury)
dialog: Youfve got to believe me}
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: You killed Emily French!
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: I didn't do it! I diantt °
dialog: kilt herf I¥ve never killed
dialog: anybody. Oh, God! Its a
text: nightmere. It's some ghastly,
dialog: horrible dream!
text: He collapses, his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SIR WILFRID'3 CHAMBERS OUTER OFFICE (EVENING)
text: The lights are on. It is after office hours and the
text: last of the secretaries is putting the cover on her
text: typewriter. Two lerge steamer trunks are tagged, ready
text: for shipment. An elderly man, neatly dressed, is seated
text: on the visitors! pench, a cardboard box held on his
text: knees, He is Sir Wilfrid's tailor.
text: After a few seconds Sir Wilfrid enters, followed by
text: Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, Carter and Miss Plimsoll. They
dialog: are coming beck from Court.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Good evening, Sir Wilfrid. How
dialog: aid it go today?
text: No answer. Sir Wilfrid and the others walk on toward his
text: office in an atmosphere of defeat.
speaker_heading: TAILOR
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Sir Wilfrid -- I'm from Hawks & Hill -+
dialog: Itve brought your Bermida shorts --
dialog: for a fitting.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: My what?
text: The tailor has taken the lid from the box, holds up a vast
text: pair of black and white plaid shorts. .
dialog: 43,
dialog: ill.
speaker_heading: TAIIOR
dialog: Youtd better slip thesé on, Sir wilfrid --
dialog: if wetre to have them ready by tomorrow,
speaker_heading: ’ §IR WILFRID
dialog: My dear man, I am in the middle of
dialog: a murder trial --
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: Ittll be all over by tomorrow after .
text: noon. The boat train isn't until
dialog: nine-forty.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to Miss Plimsoll,
text: pointing at the
dialog: shorts)
dialog: You work it out --
dialog: (starting for his
dialog: office) :
dialog: -- you know my shape -- you've stabbed
dialog: it often enough.
speaker_heading: MIss PLIMSOLL
dialog: Upstairs, Sir Wilfrid! You need a
dialog: lukewarm bath --- your calcium in-
dialog: jection -~ and there is still a lot
dialog: of packing to be done... >
text: He pays no attention, goes into his office with Mayhew,
text: Carter and Brogan Moore, slams the door.
scene_heading: ‘INT. SIR WILFRID'S OFFICE (EVENING)
text: Carter turns on the lights. Sir Wilfrid crosses wearily
text: to the chair behind nis desk.
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: Ridiculous, having those boat re~
dialog: servations -- how do we know? -- the
dialog: Jury may be out for days.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Not on this case, I'm afraid. This
text: seems too open-and-shut.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (sits)
dialog: I watched them when Frau Helm was on
dialog: _= the stand. ‘They didn't like her.
dialog: (~
dialog: of
dialog: aa,
dialog: i112.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: No, they didn't like her <-- but they
dialog: believed her. They liked Leonard ~
dialog: Vole, but they didn't believe him
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: And that travel egency business
dialog: deesn't help, either. Cigar,
dialog: Wilfrid?
dialog: (extends one; Sir Wilfrid
dialog: waves it away) ©
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Wilfrid, do you think she lied?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (vietous ly)
dialog: Dontt you?
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: I don't know. I'm not sures
speaker_heading: SIR_ WILFRID
dialog: (steaming)
dialog: Iam. She lied --whether she calls
dialog: Ti Weineid, or perjury, she lied!
dialog: The only question in my mind is
dialog: ane? -- whatts her game? --~ what is
dialog: she up to?
dialog: s his fist on
dialog: the desk)
dialog: wy?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Sir Wilfrid -- I hope that in your
dialog: final speech tomorrow, you won't let
dialog: yourself become too emotionelly
dialog: involved -- you mast think of your
dialog: physical condition --
scene_heading: BROGAN-MOORE ~
dialog: He's right I want to see you save
dialog: ourself. This isn't going to be
dialog: your last case -~
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Yes, it is.
dialog: (working up to &
dialog: crescendo again)
dialog: But until it is over, I am still a
dialog: barrister and my client's life 1s
dialog: at steke. That's all that matters --
dialog: his life. He is entitled to the
dialog: Dest that I.can do. If I can't
dialog: stand up to make my final appeal for
dialog: him, I'll make it sitting down, If
dialog: I become short of breath, I*ll take
dialog: (cont! d)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: An, SIR WILFRID (cont' 4)
dialog: @ pill -- or tyvo pills -- or all
dialog: of them -- and the box as well!
text: During the above, the phone has been ringing. Carter
text: picks it up. .
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes? ’
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (from the receiver,
dialog: 2 slightly inebriated)
dialog: Is this Sir Wilfrid Robarts place?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: 
dialog: Yes,it is,
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Lemme talk to the old boy. '
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Who is this speaking, please?
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Never you mind -- lemme talk to
dialog: im
dialog: (~
speaker_heading: - CARTER
dialog: I'm afraid that will be impossible --
dialog: what is the nature of your business?
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Itts business, all right. Itve got
dialog: somethin' to sell "im, I have.
dialog: Really, Madem --
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: An what I've got to sell tim, believe
dialog: me, Seti] yant te buy! It's got to do
dialog: with that Leonerd Vole chap!
dialog: Leonard Voler
text: Sir Wilfrid, Brogan -Moore and Mayhew look up at this and
dialog: listen intently.
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: It's about that German wife -- I've
dialog: (~~ got the goods on tert ant it!s for
dialog: sale,
dialog: “a
dialog: 124,
text: 4%, Sir Wilfrid grabs the. phone from Carter.
dialog: Sound of a
dialog: receiver.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
text: This 1s Wilfrid Robarts speaking.
dialog: Now what is this all about?
scene_heading: . - _COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Well, hello, Ducky --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID ,
dialog: What is this you said about Mrs.
dialog: Leonard Vole?
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'm not just sayin? - I've got it
dialog: black and white! :
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: You got what?
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Listen to this carefully, Ducky -- —
dialog: I'm in the buffet at Euston Station,
dialog: at the far end of the bar, an'* I?ll be
dialog: here for just thirty mimtes - because
dialog: that's when my train leaves -- if you
dialog: want the low-down on that German trollop,
dialog: yeu get yourself over here!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: What low-down? What do you know
dialog: about her?
scene_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Uh-th -- not on the phone -~ you
dialog: better get on over here -- an? bring.
dialog: plenty o'money!
speaker_heading: . SIR WILFRID
dialog: Now, just a moment ---
text: phone being hung up mudely. He slams down the
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Bilge! —
dialog: (he starts pacing
text: furlously, the heads
dialog: of the others following
dialog: him curiously)
dialog: Some drunken crenk! --- you get those
dialog: in every mrder trial -- drunk and
dialog: disorderly -- giving me an ultimatum --
dialog: Euston Station in thirty mimtes --
dialog: got the low-down on Mrs. Vole --
dialog: Balderdash -- I'm too old and too sick
text: to go on a wild goose chase --- Bilge and
dialog: Balderdash}
dialog: ‘iy
dialog: Ab,
speaker_heading: U5e
dialog: 115.
text: Suddenly he grabs his hat and his cane.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Come on, Mayhew!
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Where to, sir?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Euston Station --- where else?! .
text: He puts on his hat and overcoat and leads the way to the
text: outer office, a bewildered Mayhew following him. At
text: _ the door he takes the cigar from Mayhew's vest pocket.
scene_heading: INT. SIR WILFRID'S OUTER CEAMBERS (EVENING)
text: Sir Wilfrid comes storming out, followed by Mayhew.
text: Carter and Brogan-Moore look after them. The tailor
text: is still seated on the bench. He jumps up, holding
dialog: up the shorts!
speaker_heading: TAILOR
dialog: Now?
dialog: (going ight on)
speaker_heading: gO r on
dialog: Shortlyt
text: Just then Miss Plimsoll comes sailing down on the
text: inclinator, holding the hypodermic needle.
speaker_heading: MISs PLIMSOLL
dialog: Sir Wilfrid! Where are you
dialog: going? Your bath, your
dialog: massage, your dinner, your .
dialog: injection --------3
speaker_heading: yO
dialog: 116..-
text: She lands- Sir Wilfrid takes the hypodermic
text: from her hand, punctures the end of the cigar,
dialog: hands it back to here
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Thank you; Miss Plimsoll)
dialog: ‘
text: He is lighting the cigar as he and Mayhew
text: exit quickly. iiss Plimsoll looks after
text: him, open-mouthed.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (deeply pained)
dialog: What am I to do? -----
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MCORE
dialog: Itd suggest you sterilize
dialog: the needle.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUFFET IN EUSTON STATION (NIGHT)
text: The dominant feature of the place is a mirrored bar
text: of dark wood, crowded with travelers and Juzesgee
text: Tables and chairs fill the rest of the room. Tail
text: windows give a view of the trains, travelers and
text: attendants outside the Buffet. Intermittently there
text: is the rumble of trains in arrival or departure, and
dialog: jets of steam from the engines»
text: Sir Wilfrid comes in briskly, followed by Mayhew. He is a
text: bit short of breath, still puffing nervously on his cigar.
text: The two men scan the room for their rendezvous- They move
text: down the bar until they see someone who fits the bill. A
text: “middle-aged brunette woman, flamboyantly dressed, with a
dialog: . a . Li7.
text: Jigger of whiskey and a beer chaser at her elbow. She is
text: reading an afternoon paper with the headline: VOLE TRIAL
text: IN THIRD DAY. She is overly made up and her hair is marcell-
text: ea to fall over one side of her face. Her generel attitude
text: indicates quite a few whiskeys and beer chasers. She senses
text: their presence when they stop and look up in the bar mirror.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: You wouldn't be Sir Wiifrid Robarts,
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I would,
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: (turning stowly)
dialog: I didn't recognize you without your
dialog: wig, Lovely you all look in them
text: wigs.
dialog: (turns and sees Meyhew)
dialog: Two o'yer -- I'm not talkin' to two of
dialog: yer.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: This is Mr. Mayhew, Leonard Vole's
dialog: solicitor,
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Well, that's all right then, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And your name, please?
speaker_heading: COCENEY WOMAN
dialog: No need for names. If I did give
dialog: you & name it mightn't be the right
dialog: one, might it?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: AB you please, Now, what 1s this informa-
dialog: tion you allegediy have? ~
speaker_heading: COCENEY
dialog: Have a drink, boys,
dialog: (to the barman)
dialog: T#o whiskeys for my Gentlemen friends. —
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You realize, of course, that you are
dialog: in duty bound to come forward to give
dialog: any evidence that you might have in
dialog: your possession?
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Oh, come off it! Did you bring any
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: What is it you have -- madame?
scene_heading: ' . COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Letters. Letters that German wife of
dialog: his wrote -- that's whet it is.
dialog: (she pats her bag}
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Letters written by Christine Vole te
dialog: the prisoner?
scene_heading: . COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: To the prisoner? Don't make me laugh!
text: Pnor ruddy prisoner, he's been took in
dialog: by her all right. An' these letters
dialog: prove it!
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: If you will let us see these letters,
dialog: mademe, we shall be able to advise
dialog: you as to how pertinent they are.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Well, ss I say, I don't expect you to
dialog: buy without seein', but fair's fair.
dialog: If these letters get the boy off --
dialog: well, it's a hundred peunds for me.
dialog: Right?
text: She opens her beg and shows a packet of letters. Sir
text: Wilfrid immediately puts his monocie in his eye.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: If these letters contain infermation
dialog: useful to the defense --
dialog: (takes out his wallet)
dialog: -- Iam prepared to offer you ten
dialog: pounds.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WCMAN
dialog: Wheat? Ten blurry pounds for letters
dialog: like these?
dialog: . (to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: You can take thet piece o'glass outa
dialog: your eye,
dialog: (snaps beg shut)
dialog: G'night, gents.
speaker_heading: oC
dialog: . ‘ * 119.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: If these should help to prove my
dialog: client's innocence, twenty pounds
dialog: would, I think not be én unreasonable
dialog: sum -- for your expenses.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Fifty -- an' it's a bargein. That's if
dialog: Yer satisfied with what's in ‘em.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID ,
dialog: Forty pounds, -
text: Be tekes Meyhew's wallet, takes out forty pounds and
text: extends them temptingly.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: All right, blast yer. ‘Ere, take ‘em.
dialog: Quite a packet! ,
text: She puts the letters on the bar. They are on square,
text: monogrammed blue paper. Mayhew and Sir Wilfrid each take
text: one and start reading eagerly. The barman arrives with
dialog: the two whiskeys and Sir Wilfrid and Meyhew exchenge
text: glances, Sir Wilfrid indicetes ea vacant nearby table end
text: Mayhew picks up the balence of the letters and follews him
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Beauties, atn't they? I hope they
dialog: fix 'er good ent proper.
text: She picks up her whiskey and beer and moves toward them.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (looking up from a letter)
dialog: How do we know these are from Mrs.
dialog: Vole?
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Oh, she worte tem, all right. It's.
dialog: all fair.an' square.
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: I've bad messages from he, It looks
text: Like her handwriting.
dialog: (continues to read)
dialog: Good Lord, look at this!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (scanning the letter)
dialog: Incredible!
dialog: (~~
dialog: co
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: There's one comin' up that's even
dialog: better! Now, what about my meney?
text: Sir Wilfrid hands it to her without looking up.
speaker_heading: . MAYREW
dialog: How did you get hold of these?
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: (putting money in her bag)
dialog: What difference does it meke, just so she
dialog: gets what's coming to ter!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: What have you got sgainst her?
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: I'll give you somethin' to dream about,
dialog: mister!
text: She pushes back the hair which has hidden one side of her
text: face and leans toward him. Her left cheek 1s slashed and
text: disfigured.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: (tauntingly)
dialog: Went to kiss me, Ducky?
text: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew take a shocked step back. She
text: laughs harshly.
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: No, I didn't suppose you would,
text: She jets her hair fall back in place, covering the scarred
dialog: o' °
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Christine Vole did that to you?
speaker_heading: COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Not ‘er. The chap I was goin! with.
dialog: He was a bit younger than me, but I
dialog: loved ‘im. Then she come slong.
dialog: Started seein! 'im on the sly and then
dialog: one day he cleared out. I went after ‘im
dialog: end I found tem together. I told ‘im
dialog: what I thought of ter and he cut my face
dialog: up proper.
speaker_heading: : SIR WILFRID
dialog: . (moved)
dialog: Did you go. to the pulice about it?
dialog: . 7 : * 121.
scene_heading: 46. COCKNEY WOMAN
dialog: Who? Me? Not likely. ‘Sides, it
dialog: a wasn't his fault. Not really. It was
dialog: hers. Tt was all hers. Gettin’ 'im
dialog: away from me, turnin' 'im against me.
dialog: But I waited my time to pay ter back --
dialog: an it's come now!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I'm deeply sorry, deeply sorry. Er -- :
dialog: we'll make it another five pounds for
dialog: the ‘etters.
text: He takes out e five-pound note which she snatches eagerly.
speaker_heading: CACKNEY WOMAN
dialog: 'Oldin' out on me, were ye! I knew
dialog: I was belng too soft with ye!
speaker_heading: MAYEEW
dialog: (still reading)
dialog: The cold-blooded vindictiveness!
dialog: (to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: Read this one!
text: Sir Wilfrid and Mayhew, standing close together, read the
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: ( SIR WIFLRID
dialog: ‘ Unbelievable! We'd better have the
dialog: full name of the man to whom thejze were
dialog: addressed. Miss --
text: He looks sround for the Cockney Woman, who has disappeared.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: Gone, I'd say. She just doesn't want
dialog: her other cheek slashed. Can't blame
dialog: her, can you?
text: There is the rumble of a train leaving the station. Meyhew
text: gathers the letters together. Sir Wilfrid goes to the bar
text: where the two whiskeys are still standing. He downs one,
text: at a gulp.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: Cheser, sir?
speaker_heading: r : SIR WILFRID
dialog: o Good idea.
text: He downs the second glass,
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO:
dialog: aT.
dialog: - . ’ dece
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM. (DAY)
text: Start on Vole as he is being escorted by two Warders up the
text: stairs from the celis below the Old Belley into the Dock,
text: fhe CAMERA pens up to reveal the Courtroem. It is the cpen-
text: ing of the fourth doy of the trial and the crowded courtrocm
text: is awaiting the entrance of the Judge. Presently there are
text: the three knocks herelding the Judge's entry:
speaker_heading: USHER .
dialog: Stand up!
text: All rise. Judge, Clerks, Alderman, etc, enter and move to
dialog: their places on the Bench.
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: All persons who have anything further
dialog: to do befcre Miledy the Queen's Justices
dialog: of Oyer and Terminer and general Goal
dialog: delivery for the jurisdiction of the
dialog: Central Criminal Court drew near and
dialog: give your attendance. God save The
dialog: Queen,
text: During this, Vole standing in the Deck, sees that Sir
text: Wilfrid's place at the Ber is vacant. He looks around
text: nervously for bis counsel. Meyhew, too, is missing.
text: The Judge bows to the Court and sits, everyone following.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: _ Since the Defense has called tut one
dialog: witness -- the prisoner -- it has the
dialog: right to be heard lest in summation.
dialog: Therefore, Mr. Myers, if you are ready,
dialog: let us heve the final address for the
dialog: Prosecution.
text: Myers rises, adjusts his robe and wig with the air of a
text: man contemplating imminent, certain triumph,
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My Lord --- members of the jury -~ I
dialog: shall be brief in my final speech be-
dialog: cause I think the Prosecution hes
dialog: proved so obvious a case of murder
dialog: against the prisoner, Leonard Vcle,
dialog: that a verdict of guilty seems to be
dialog: the only possible conclusion, I will
dialog: briefly summerize these facts ---
text: There is the sound of commotion near the Berristers!
text: Entrance and heeds turn, Sir Wilfrid bustles into the
text: Courtroom, still pulling his robe about him and adjusting
text: bis wig. Mayhew is close behind.
dialog: . ~vee
text: 47. Vole, in the Dock, has been listening hleakly to Myers!
text: opening, but now looks up eagerly as Sir Wilfrid and
text: Msyhew make their way to the Yar.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You'd vetter begin again, Mr. Myers -=-
dialog: that is, 1f Sir Wilfrid 1s at ail
dialog: interested in our proceedings.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID .
dialog: (making his way to his !
dialog: seat)
dialog: I am indeed, my lord! The summetion
dialog: for the Crown, however, is premature ---
dialog: I ask thet the case for the defense be
dialog: reopened and that a witness be recalled!
text: There 1s a reaction in the Courtroom. Vole looks at
text: Sir Wlifrid with ea new glint of hope. Drogen-Moore is
text: puzzled by this approach.
dialog: My lord, I must strenuously object
dialog: to the reopening cf e case which
dialog: the Prosecution regards as clozed.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Evidence of the most startling nature
dialog: has come into my possession only last
dialog: night --- -
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My lord, the course my learned
dialog: friend preposes is quite unprecedented.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I have anticipated my friend's
dialog: orjection and I am prepared to meet
dialog: it with ample precedent. There is,
dialog: first, the case of The Crown against
dialog: Stillman -- which wes reported at
dialog: by rote)
dialog: page 463 of the 1926 Appeal Cases ---
dialog: also, the Crown against Porter, August
dialog: 11, 1930, reported at the Winchester
text: Assizes, at page 231, and before the
dialog: Divisional Court the following October,
dialog: reported at page 153 of 1942 Kings Bench
dialog: Division, Purther, the case of the
dialog: King against Sullivan, in which this
dialog: issue wes raised, end I am sure your
dialog: lordship will remember since he
dialog: appeared for the Prosecution.
dialog: a7.
dialog: «
dialog: (~
dialog: - ‘ . 4,
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I aid?
dialog: (catching himse1f)
dialog: Oh, yes. Before Mr. Justice Swindon,
dialog: Now, what is this new evidence, Sir
dialog: Wilfrid?
speaker_heading: + . SIR WILFRID
dialog: Letters, my lord. Written by Christine
dialog: Hein,
speaker_heading: ’
text: There is a sharp reaction from Vole. Sir Wilfrid has
text: given the letters to an Usher, who takes them to the
text: Judge. As the Judge inspects the letters --
speaker_heading: MYERS
dialog: My lore, the Prosecution contimues
dialog: its objection. if my memory serves
dialog: me well, your Lordship's similar
dialog: objection -- in the King against
dialog: Sullivan -- was sustained.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Your memery for once serves you 413,
dialog: Mr. Myers. My objection was over-
dialog: ruled by Mr. Justice Swindon -- as
dialog: yours is now, by me!
text: He hands the packet of blue letters to the Usher, who
text: earries them back to Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (his voice ringing)
dialog: Call Christine Helm!
text: The call is repeated by the Usher and Policemen at the
text: door. Christine enters, her customary impassive self,
text: proceeding to the Witness Box. Vole stares at her blankly,
text: then he tries te catch Sir Wilfrid's eye, as if hoping
text: for a clue to the proceedings. Sir Wilfrid gives him an
dialog: encouraging noc. ~
speaker_heading: - SIR WILFRID
dialog: (turning to Brogan-Moore)
dialog: If you still have any doubts about
dialog: Leonard Voie, I wouldn't mind
dialog: betting you a very small box of
dialog: cigars.
text: Christine is now in the Witness Box.
dialog: zy)
dialog: yo
dialog: yo
text: . . ‘ i256.
dialog: Mrs. Helm, you appreciate that you
dialog: _ ere still under cath?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Mrs, Helm, do you know a man named
dialog: Max? ‘
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't know what you mean,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's a simple question. Do you or
dialog: do you not know a man called Max?
dialog: Certainly not.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's a fairly common name. And yet
dialog: you mean that you have never known
dialog: & man by the name of Max?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Oh, in Germany, perhaps -- that was
dialog: a long time ago.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I shall not ask you to go back that
dialog: far -- just a few weeks --
dialog: {he has taken a folded
dialog: Oblong white letter from
dialog: a pocket)
dialog: -~ to the 20th of September last.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: What have you got there? .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: A letter. I suggest that on the 20th
dialog: of September you wrote a certein letter --
dialog: (brandishing the fulded
dialog: letter)
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't know what you're talking ebout.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
text: -~ addressed to a man named Max.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I did nothing of the sort.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: A letter which was but one of a
dialog: series written to the same man --
speaker_heading: ~ CHRISTINE
dialog: Lies ---- all lies!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You would seem to have been on -- let
dialog: us say, on intimate terms with this
dialog: man.
text: In the dock, Vole rises, outraged.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: How Gare you say ea thing like that --
dialog: resisting the Warder)
dialog: It isn't true?
speaker_heading: * JUDGE
text: The prisoner, in his own interest,
dialog: will remain silent! :
text: Mayhew gestures to Vole to sit down, and he does
dialog: by the Warders.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I am not concerned with the general
dialog: trend of this correspondence -~-
dialog: . (unfolding the letter)
dialog: ~- only in one particular letter.
text: (glancing down, as if
dialog: reading
dialog: My beloved Mex, An extraordinary
dialog: thing has happened. I believe all
dialog: our difficulties may be ended...
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I will not stand here and listen to a
dialog: pack of lies -- This letter is a
dialog: forgery -- it isn't even my letter
dialog: paper --
speaker_heading: SIR
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: It isnt t?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: No. I write my letters on small blue
dialog: paper --= with my initials on it.
dialog: 126.
dialog: s0, urged
speaker_heading: NT.
dialog: ~ . , 127.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Like this?
text: He holds up the packet of blue letters which has been out
text: ef her sight. She stares.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (holding up the white
dialog: letter).
dialog: This happens to be a bill from ry
dialog: or - for a pair of extremely .
dialog: becoming Bermida shorts.
text: Excited reaction in the Courtroom, In the Gallery, Miss
text: Plimsoll leans toward her blonde neighbor.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (with pride)
dialog: Wilfrid the Fox! That's what we call
dialog: him, and that's what he is!
text: Below, order is restored.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Now, Mrs. Helm, you have been kind
dialog: enough to identify your letter peper --~
dialog: now, if you like, can have an expert
dialog: identify your handwriting.
speaker_heading: " _ CHRISTINE
dialog: Damn you -- damn youd
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (on his feet again)
dialog: Leave her alone!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: Dam you!
speaker_heading: JUIGE
dialog: Mrs. Helm!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Let me ovt of here -~ let me go!
text: She rushes from the Box, but the Usher stops her. The —
text: Court is in a turmoil. .
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Usher, give the witness a chair. =
text: The Usher helps Christine to a stool near the table. She
text: erties, her head burled in her arms.
dialog: 47,
speaker_heading: JUIGE
dialog: Sir Wilfrid, will you now read the
dialog: letter in question so that the Jury
text: can hear it.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: ( reading)
dialog: My belovec Max. An extreordinary
dialog: thing has happened. All our difficul ties
dialog: may goon be solved. Teonard is suspected
dialog: of mrdering the old lady I told you .
dialog: about. Hig only hope of an alibi
dialog: depends on me -- on me alone. Suppose
dialog: I testified that he ves not at home
dialog: with me et the time of the murder --
dialog: that he came home with blood on his
dialog: sleeves and that he even admitted
dialog: to me that he had killed her. Strange,
dialog: isntt it -- he alvays said he would
dialog: never let me leave him --- but now,
dialog: if this succeeds, he will be leaving
dialog: me -- because they will teke hin
dialog: ‘away, forever --- and T shall be
dialog: free, and yours, my beloved ---
dialog: I count the hours until we are
dialog: together --~ Christine.
text: paring this, SHOTS of the Jury, of Miss Plimsoll and the
text: blonde neighbor, of Myers, snd 8 bewildered Vole staring
text: at his sobbing wife.
text: Sir Wilfrid is short of breath when he finishes, and his
text: hand is under his robe to ease the pain in his chest.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mrs. Helm, will you go back to
dialog: the witness box?
text: The Usher helps her to the Box. She 1s pale, her
text: cheeks streaked with tears.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID -
dialog: I now ask you again, Christine
dialog: Helm, did you write this letter?
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: Christine, tell him you aidan? t
dialog: write it! I know you didn't!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (speaking with difficulty)
dialog: Please answer my question --~ :
dialog: did you write this letter?
speaker_heading: 47. JUDGE
dialog: Before answering, Mrs. Helm, I wish
dialog: to warn you: the law regarding perjury
dialog: in this country is very severe. If
dialog: you have already committed perjury
dialog: dn this courtroom, I strongly advise
dialog: you not to adé to your crime. But if
dialog: this letter hes not been written by you,
dialog: then now is the time to categorically
dialog: state this fact!
dialog: y>
text: (mristine looks from the Judge to Vole -- then to sir’
dialog: wilfrid.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I wrote the letter.
dialog: (a hush in the courtroom)
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (holding on)
dialog: Then that, my lord, is the case
dialog: for the Defense.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: x
scene_heading: eo 48. INT. ROBING ROOM OLD BAILEY (Day)
text: Sir Wilfrid is lying back in a deep chair, robe open and
text: coller unbuttoned, completely exheusted. His arm is bare
dialog: and Dr. Harrison, with Miss Plimsoll's assistance, 1s
text: giving him an injection, to which Sir Wilfrid doesn't:
text: react at all. His mind 1s elsewhere; he seems troubled.
speaker_heading: DR. HARRISON
dialog: see I keep esking myself, Sir
dialog: Wilfric, which is harder -~ your
dialog: heaé or your arteries?
dialog: no response from the
dialog: patient,
dialog: You'd better stop pressing your
dialog: luck -= you're overdue now,
dialog: again, no response)
speaker_heading: ‘MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: We're a11 packed, Doctor. The
dialog: luggage is in the car, I hope
dialog: the jury won't teke all afternoon.
speaker_heading: —
text: Brogan-Moore enters with a small pox of cigarse
dialog: yo
dialog: = me
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: ) WW
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: (handing Sir Wilfrid
dialog: the cigars
dialog: I concede! Congratulations!
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: Oh, come now, it's all over.
text: Wrapped up, neat and ticy.
text: Sir Wiifrié grunts and rises with some aureiculty, adjusting
text: his sleeve anc his collar and robe.
scene_heading: BROGAN-MDORE.
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
text: Itts a little too neat, too tidy,
dialog: and altogether t90 symme trical.
dialog: That's what's wrong witn it
speaker_heading: MAYHEW
dialog: (from the open door)
text: The jury is just coming back.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-BOORE
dialog: (to Sir Wilfrid --
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: You're not worried about the
dialog: verdict, are you?
speaker_heading: IR WILFRID
dialog: It's not their ficgnont thet
dialog: worries mé -- itts mine.
dialog: Tet'*s go.
dialog: They follow him wt.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
text: TEN MORE PAGES TO
scene_heading: COME. SEE OVER.
dialog: P~
dialog: yo
speaker_heading: 130A.
scene_heading: THE FINAL 10 PAGES OF
text: THIS SCRIPT WILL NOT
scene_heading: BE ISSUED GENERALLY
scene_heading: BECAUSE OF THE NATURE
text: OF THE SURPRISE FINISH.
scene_heading: THE ACTION CONTINUES
scene_heading: IN THE COURT-ROOM .
dialog: SET WITH THE SAME
scene_heading: CHARACTERS UNTIL THE END«
scene_heading: KO SYNOPSIS OF THIS
scene_heading: STORY WHICH REVEALS
scene_heading: Tfs. CONCLUSION IS
scene_heading: PERMITTED FOR ANY
scene_heading: PURPOSE WHATS OEVER+
dialog: (~~
dialog: co
dialog: PLEASE ADD THESE PAGES TO YOUR
text: COPY OF THE SCRIPT OF WITNESS FOR
scene_heading: THE PROSECUTION, DATED JUNE 10, 1957+
text: NO SYNOPSIS OR PUBLICATION OF THIS
text: PART OF THE SCRIPT IS PERMISSIBLE.
dialog: ko»
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM = (DAY)
text: The Jury is filing back into its seatse There is a hush
dialog: of expectation.
text: Leonard Vole, nerves strained to the breaking point, is
text: in the Docke His eyes anxiously scan the Jurors, as if
text: to try to guess their verdict. Then his gaze wanders
text: toward Sir Wilfrid and Brogan-Moore, just seating them-
text: selves. Sir ‘yilfrid, leaning forward, does not meet his
text: eyese He looks past the Dock toward -~
text: The glass-panelled door leading into the Courtroom. Tho
text: Courtroom Officer stands on guard. The door, opening
text: inward, is pushed just slightly open and through the
text: aperature we see Christine tensely awaiting the verdict.
text: In the Gallery, the spectators are silent, motionless, in
text: taut anticipation of the result. Among them is Miss
text: Plimsoll and beside her, the dark girl.
text: In the Court, the Clerk rises.
speaker_heading: CLERK
text: The prisoner will stand up.
dialog: Vole and the Warders rise. |
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Members of the Jury, are you all
dialog: agreed upon your verdict?
speaker_heading: POREMAN
dialog: (rising)
dialog: We ares
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Do you find the prisoner at the
dialog: bar, Leonard Stephen Vols, guilty
dialog: or not guilty? ~
text: Vole is trying to stand steady. The palms of his hands
text: are moist and he automatically rubs them against his coat.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Not guilty, my lord.
text: Excitement breaks loose. There is a burst of applause
text: and some cheers.
text: Vole sits down abruptly, exhausted. His eyes close
text: tightly for a moment.
dialog: 129.
text: 4g. In the Gallery, where all the spectators, including Miss
text: Plimsoll, are cheering and applauding, her brunette
text: neighbor is weeping.
text: Myers turns toward Sir Wilfrid and makes a gallant gesture
text: of salute in defeat. Sir Wilfrid, leaning forward, doss
text: not see Myers, but Brogan-Hoore nudges him. He turns
text: toward Myers, with a casual gesture of acknowledgment,
text: then turns back toward the glass-panelled door.
text: In the slightly open doorway, Christine Vole 1s standing,
text: her face completely immobile. She withdraws her hand and
text: the door slowly closes, blocking her from views ~-
text: During this, the Usher is trying to re-establish order.
dialog: Silence! Silence}
text: The Courtroom calms down.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Leonard Stephen Vole, you have been
dialog: found not guilty of the murder of
dialog: Bally Jane French on September 1th.
dialog: You are hereby discharged and are
dialog: free to leave the Court.
text: He rises, the Courtroom rises with him. He bows to the
text: Court and the Court bows back. Then the Judge exits,-
text: followed by the Alderman and Judge's Clerk.
text: There is again an upsurge of excitement. Spectators are
text: trying to reach Vole, but are pushed toward the exits by
text: the police and warders- Vole shakes hands with his
text: warders. The Jury is filing out, as do Myers and his
text: associates. The Gallery, too, is. emptying.
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: (during this)
dialog: All persons who have anything ~
dialog: further to do before the Queen's
dialog: Justices of Oyer and Terminer and
dialog: general gaol delivery for the
dialog: jurisdiction of the Central Criminal
dialog: Court may depart hence’ and give your
dialog: attendance here again tomorrow
dialog: morning at 10:30 o'clock. God Save
dialog: The Queen.
text: Vole, jubilant, has coms down from the Dock and is shaking
text: hands with Carter, Mayhew, Brogan-Moore, and finaliy comes
text: to Sir Wilfrid who is silently leaning forward in his chair.
dialog: (7
dialog: (7
dialog: hoe
dialog: . . ” 123.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Thank you, Sir Yilfrid. Thank you
dialog: for everything. You were wonderful,
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Letts say we were lucky ail around..
text: A Warder carrying a large envelope has come up.
speaker_heading: WARDER
dialog: I have your belongings -- if you'll ‘
dialog: be kind enough to come with me, Hre
dialog: Vole, and sign the papers, we can
dialog: release you,
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Mister Vole: They didn't call me
dialog: mister when they checked me ins
speaker_heading: MAYEEW
dialog: Ttil go along with you. I've
dialog: brought your coat and your hat.
speaker_heading: . VOLE
dialog: Let's go quickiy, before they
dialog: change their mind.
text: They go into the Prisoner's Dock and down the steps
text: leading below. A policeman and usher are gathering
text: up the exhibits.
speaker_heading: BROGAN-MOORE
dialog: {looking after Vole,
dialog: smiling)
dialog: Chipper, isn't he? An hour ago
text: he had one foot on the gallows
text: and the other on a banana peel.
dialog: (to Wilfrid)
dialog: You ought to be very proud, Wilfrid. -
text: (Wilfrid's brow 1s lined with
dialog: thought ) -
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: Not yet. We've disposed of the
dialog: gallows, but. there is still that
dialog: banana peel -- somewhere -- under
dialog: somebody's foot.
text: There is the sound of angry commotion outside the Court-
text: room's Hain Fntrance. The Policeman and Usher, who have
dialog: been collecting the exhibits, drop their work and go
text: quickly to investigate. Sir Wilfrid, Brogan-Moore and
dialog: Carter look OFF.
speaker_heading: Cc
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: 13h.
text: 4g. Through the glass-panelled door we can see a bit of a
text: riot -- the crowd in an ugly mood, shouting insults and
text: waving fists. The Policeman and Usher try to break it
text: up, and we see that the object of the crowd is Christine.
text: The Policeman and Usher help her into the Courtroom. She
text: is dishevelled, a little roughed up, her hat in one hand,
text: and she is rubbing her shin. :
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN ‘
dialog: Better wait here until we get rid
dialog: of that crowd, Madam.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Policeman and Usher go out again to break up the
dialog: disturbance. .
text: Sir Wilfrid, Brogan-Moore and Carter look at. her. Then
text: Carter resumes gathering up the defense papers, also
text: bringing up Sir Wilfrid's thermos from under his seat.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Ready, sir? Miss Plimsoll. will
dialog: be waiting.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID :
dialog: Let me finish the last of the cocoa-=-
dialog: (uncapoing the thermos)
dialog: While I em still beyond her
dialog: jurisdiction.
text: He motions to Carter and to Brogan-Moore to get out.
text: Now he is alone in the Courtroom with Christine.
text: Be sips the brandy, studying her over the rim of the cupe
text: She brushes her suit, straightens her stockings, looks
text: around as if for something she had lost.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE ~
dialog: I never thought you British could
dialog: get so emotional -- especially in
dialog: a public place.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: I apologize for my compatriots.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It's all right. I don't mind being
dialog: called names or pushed around, or
dialog: even kicked in: the shin -- but now I
dialog: have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
dialog: a
dialog: kg.
dialog: ago
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: In case you're not familiar with
dialog: our prison regulations -- no silk
dialog: stockings.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Prison? Will I go to prison?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: You heard the learned judge» You
dialog: will quite certainly be charged '
dialog: with perjury, tried for it, and’
dialog: ‘to prison you shall go.
speaker_heading: CRHISTINE
dialog: Well -» it won't be for life,
dialog: will, 1t? :
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: If I were retained for the
dialog: prosecution, it would be.
speaker_heading: CRHISTINE
dialog: You loath me, don't you? Like
dialog: the people outside ‘What a wicked
dialog: woman J am, and how brilliantly -
dialog: ou exposed me, and saved Leonard's
dialog: ie. The great Sir Wilfrid Robarts
dialog: did it agains
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Well, let me tell you something --
dialog: you didn't do it alone! You had
dialog: helpt
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: What are you driving at?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I am -not driving at anything any
dialog: more -- Leonard is free, and we
dialog: did its
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: That's right. Remember when I
dialog: came to see you, and you said
dialog: that no jury would believe an
dialog: alibi given by a loving wife,
dialog: no matter how much she swore
dialog: that her husband was imnocent?
dialog: That gave me the idea. --
dialog: Loe
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: What idea?
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: The idea that I should be a witness,
dialog: not for my husband, but for the
dialog: prosecutic = that T should swear
dialog: eonard was guilty -=- and
dialog: that you should expose me as 4
dialog: vicious liar -~ because only then, ’
dialog: would they believe that Leonard
dialog: was innocent!
text: He stares at her, fimbling for his monocle- She
text: erosses slowly toward hin.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: So now you know the whole story,
dialog: Sir Wilfrid.
dialog: (lapsing into Cockney)
dialog: Itll give you somethin' to dream
dialog: about, misters
text: She leans over, and like the Cockney woman in the
text: Euston Station, pulis the hair from one side of her face:
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Wanne kiss me, Ducky?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: I suspected something -- but not
dialog: that -- never thats
text: Christine re-adjusts her hair, speaks gently now to
text: Sir Wilfrid, who is plainly stunned.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Thank you for the compliment. It's
dialog: been a long time since I was an ~
dialog: actress, and I never before played
dialog: ' such an important role --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And all those blue letters? --
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: It took me hours to write them --
dialog: to invent Max -- there never was
dialog: a Mex, there never has been anyone
dialog: but Leonard << only Leonard.
dialog: ho.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (with some difficulty)
dialog: My dear -- could you not have trusted
dialog: me? == worked with me truthfully and
dialog: honorably? -- we would have wone
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I could not run that risk. You
dialog: see, you thought he was innocent --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID :
dialog: And you knew he was innocent. I
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: "CHRISTINE
dialog: No, Sir Wilfrid, you do not
dialog: understand at all --
dialog: What?
dialog: (stunned disbelief)
dialog: Not That can't be true. No!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (a low, urgent voice)
dialog: Listen to me -= once and for all ~--
dialog: Leonard came home a few minutes
dialog: past ten -- he had biood on the
dialog: sleeves of his Jacket -- he did
dialog: tell me he had killed the woman.
dialog: Only I could save him -- he pleaded
dialog: with me --
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: And you saved him «- a murderer!
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Again, you don't. understand - ~
dialog: T love him.
text: She looks off. The Camera pans to the Barristers’
text: door, where Vole is standing in his trench coat,
text: hat in hand. He is smi: complacentiy. He has
dialog: been standing there for a little while, and has ~
dialog: overheard.
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (to Wilrrid)
dialog: I told you she was an actress --
dialog: and a good onee <--
dialog: (moving easily
text: toward them) .
dialog: I knew she would do something for
dialog: _ me = I just didn't know what, or
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Leonard..-darling$
text: She starts to embrace him. He doesn't respond to her,
text: instead looks over her shoulder at Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: » VOLE
dialog: Fooled you canpletely, didn't she?
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: It's you, Vole, who really fooled
dialog: me ==
dialog: (violently)
dialog: e- after thirty-five years -- to
dialog: be so stupid and so blind --
dialog: - (tears the wi
dialog: from his head,
dialog: eo- Wilfrid the Foxt
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Easy -- we both got out of it
dialog: alive -- let's stay this way --
dialog: ({aeeing Wilfrid
dialog: gasping with fury)
dialog: wee here, take a pill. .
speaker_heading: WILFRID
dialog: There are still courts in England --
dialog: they're not through with you yet.
speaker_heading: VOLE -
dialog: Oh, yes they are -- you've done
dialog: .too good a job» You got me off,
dialog: and I can't be tried again --
dialog: that's the lew, and you por it.
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: You can't touch him now --
dialog: nobody can. —
speaker_heading: WILFRID
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: You'll pay for this somehow --
dialog: they'll hang you --
dialog: )?
speaker_heading: 1396
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: No, they won't. As for paying
dialog: for it -- let's double your fee --
dialog: there'll be plenty of money when
dialog: the will coes through -- I'm not
dialog: cheap -~ I want everybody to get
dialog: something out of it. There's Janet
dialog: MacKenzie -- let's get her that
dialog: new hearing aid --
dialog: 4a coking at '
dialog: Wilfrid's thermos)
dialog: And a new one of those for you --
dialog: 18 karat gold, if they make one-
dialog: (and to Christine)
dialog: And when they try you for perjury,
dialog: there'll be 5,000 pounds to get
dialog: you off easy-
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: I don't care, Leonard -- just so
dialog: wetll be together again -<- you
dialog: don't know what I went through
text: standing in the witness box,
dialog: having to face you in the dock
dialog: and saying I never loved you --
text: (she kisses him, but
dialog: he does not respond)
dialog: Leonard, what is it?
text: She looks at him anxiously, then tries to kiss him
text: again. He draws away, looking past her. She turns
text: dn the same direction. Miss Plimsoll enters with
text: the brunette girl.
speaker_heading: MISS PLINSOLL
dialog: Sir Wilfrid -- the luggage is in
dialog: the car == wetve only 20 minutes
dialog: to make the boat train --
dialog: (then aware of the girl)
dialog: Oh -- this is a nice young la
dialog: I met in the gallery during the
dialog: trial --
text: (she stops astounded
text: as the girl runs to
dialog: Vole)
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Lent Oh, Leni They've been
dialog: trying to keep me away from
dialog: you -= it's had me nearly crazy--
text: They kiss, and in merked contrast to Christine's
text: embrace, Vole returns it with some enthusiasm.
dialog: ~A
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Leonard -- who is this girl?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I'm not this girl -- I'm his
dialog: girl -- tell her, Len-
text: Vole doesn't reply, grins uneasily at Christine with
text: .@ self-conscious shrug- It gradually dawns on Christine.
speaker_heading: . : CHRISTINE
dialog: Leonard, is this the girl who was
dialog: with you in the travel bureau -~
dialog: the girl you said you hardly imew --
dialog: didn't even Imow her name? -<-
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: That's right -- that's who I am.
dialog: And I know all about you. You're
dialog: not his wife; never have been.
dialog: You're years older than he is.
dialog: We've been going together for months
dialog: and we're going away on one of those
dialog: cruises -- just like they said in
dialog: court <= tell her yourself, Lene
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (calmly, controlled
dialog: with difficulty)
dialog: Yes, Len, tell me yourself.
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (very simply)
dialog: Sorry, Christine. That's how it is»
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Not
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: Come on Diana, let's go-
text: Miss Plimsoll and Sir Wilfrid are watching the scene.
text: Sir Wilfrid is spinning his monocle on the. ribbon,
text: _ the-light flashing from it.
text: Vole and the girl have taken a few steps and are near
text: the exhibit table when Christine steps forward quickly,
dialog: holding Vole by the arm-
dialog: a
dialog: yy
dialog: 7 : . ° Lhe
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (near hysteria)
dialog: Leonard; you can't! -= not after
dialog: what I've done. I won't let you --
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: (pushing her away)
dialog: You're being silly now. I saved
dialog: your life getting you out of
dialog: Germany -- you saved mine getting
dialog: me out of this messe So we're '
dialog: even» It's all overs
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: Don't, Leonard -- don't leave me
speaker_heading: VOLE
dialog: Now pull yourself together. They'll
dialog: have you up here for perjury -~ don't
dialog: make it worse or they'll try you 2s
dialog: an accessory, and you know what that
dialog: means«
speaker_heading: CHRISTINE
dialog: (holding on to him)
dialog: Let them. Let them try me for
dialog: perjury, or an accessory --
dialog: {he shakes himself
text: loose from her. Her
text: eyes fall on the flickering
dialog: + from Wilfrid's monocle,
text: flashing on the blade of
text: the knife on the exhibit
dialog: table)
dialog: == or better yet, let them try me
dialog: for murder}
text: She grabs the Imife, lurches after him, and with one
text: wild swoop plunges the knife into him. He looks at
text: her as if almost in surprise, then crumples instantly-
text: Diana shrieks piercingly- -
text: Christine stands quietly erect, the imife no longer in
text: her hand. Miss Plimsoll rushes forward, professional
text: nurse thet she is, and kneels beside Vole, her hand on
dialog: 8 wrist.
text: Sir Wilfrid, still twirling his monocle, turns his eyes
text: to the main door, thru which come running three court
text: efficers, drawn by the girl's scream- They swoop down
text: on Christine, surrounding Vole's body.
dialog: hg.
dialog: »
dialog: (
dialog: Uy?»
text: Sir Wilfrid sits quietly, watching. From off we
text: hear an officer cry "Get a doctor}" and the sobbing
text: of Diana. Then Miss Plimsoll comes to Wilfride He
dialog: looks up at here
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: She killed him-
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (shaking his head) '
dialog: She executed him.
text: Sir Wilfrid looks off toward Christine. A policeman is
text: by the body and giving unheard instructions. Two
text: policemen start to lead Christine out. Carter, distraught
text: and puzzled, comes in, makes his way to Sir Wilfrid.e .
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: {not realizing)
dialog: I -= I've sent the luggage on
text: ahead, and Itve got a car waiting
dialog: outside.
text: When Carter gasps as he sees- But Wilfrid's eyes are
text: still on the big main doors through which the police
text: are just taking out Christine. She stops in the open
text: doors, looks back at Wilfrid» Miss Plimsoll looks at
text: Wilfrid, then at the doors, then back to him.
dialog: ove @ remarkable woman!
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You can just barely make the
dialog: boat train, Sir Wilfrid.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Better bring the luggage back, =
dialog: and you can dismiss the car -=-
dialog: (to Sir Wilfrid)
dialog: =- we're not going yet, are we?
text: There is a long exchange of looks. between the two, then
text: Miss Plimsoll reaches down for his wig, hands it to him.
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID ,
dialog: (a declaration of love)
dialog: Thank you, Miss Plimsoll.
text: He gets. up with some difficulty and straightens ups
dialog: .
speaker_heading: SIR WILFRID
dialog: (to Carter)
dialog: Get Brogan=Hooze to my chambers »
dialog: and have Mayhew there, too. We
dialog: are appearing for the defense in
dialog: the trial of Christine Vole-
text: He moves away from his seat and walks past the Bench to
text: the barristers' exit, an erect and dignified figure.
dialog: Miss Plimsoll looks after him with great prides She '
text: suddenly sees the thermos pottle.
speaker_heading: MISS PLIMSOLL
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Sir Wilfrid! -- you forgot your brandy!
text: He stops, smiling. She grabs the thermos and takes it
text: to him quickly» He puts bis arm across her shoulder
text: as they walk out of the courtrooms
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
