scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
speaker_heading: WOMAN!INGOLD
scene_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Alexi Kaye Campbell
scene_heading: THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN GOLD
dialog: Written by
dialog: Alexi Kaye Campbell
scene_heading: INT. KLIMT’S STUDIO, VIENNA. DAY. 1907
text: During the credits we watch the creation of a masterpiece:
text: GUSTAV KLIMT painting ADELE BLOCH-BAUER, his magnetic muse.
text: Klimt has a larger than life, sexual presence, and there is
text: something almost erotic about the way he paints his model,
text: which the sensual Adele is more than aware of. As his rough
text: hands apply gold-leaf to the canvas, Adele shuffles in her
text: seat. Klimt speaks in German - marked in italics, as it is
text: throughout the script.
speaker_heading: KLIMT KLIMT (CONT'D)
dialog: Move to the left a little. Riick ein wenig nach links
text: She does so.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Like this? So? Oder so?
text: He walks up to her, touches her just beneath the shoulder,
text: adjusts the angle she is sitting at, then returns to his
text: canvas. As he moves away, she shuffles again.
speaker_heading: KLIMT KLIMT (CONT'D)
dialog: You are restless today. Du bist unruhig heute.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: I worry too much, you know Ich mache mir zu viele
dialog: that. Sorgen, das weisst du.
speaker_heading: KLIMT KLIMT (CONT'D)
dialog: About what? Wortiber?
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: The future. Die Zukunft.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE, VIENNA. DAY. 1938
text: The Bloch-Bauer residence on Elizabethstrasse. HEINRICH and
text: KLAUS, two soldiers in Nazi uniform, stand outside it and
text: start pounding loudly on the front doors. Standing behind
text: them in civilian clothes is the Gestapo agent, FELIX LANDAU.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH . HEINRICH (CONT’D)
dialog: Open the door! Offnen Sie die Tir!
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES STREET. DAY.
scene_heading: Superimposed caption : LOS ANGELES, 1999
text: A car drives down a Los Angeles street and passes by a small
dialog: knitwear boutique - this little shop looks very European,
text: small and quaint - quite incongruous in the West Hollywood
dialog: surroundings.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S BOUTIQUE. DAY.
text: The phone is ringing in Maria’s knitwear boutique, as MARIA
text: is handing a purple cardigan over to a customer. Maria is an
text: elderly, beautiful woman who oozes old world charm and
text: elegance. Behind her chic ensembles and delicate manner
text: however there is a fair amount of steel as well as an
text: anarchic streak. Her customer is LIZBET, another elderly
dialog: woman of European provenance.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: When I saw this one I decided it
dialog: had your name on it.
text: Lizbet tries on the cardigan.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Purple is definitely your colour. I
dialog: don’t know why it’s taken you sixty
dialog: years to discover it.
text: The phone keeps ringing; Maria excuses herself with a smile
text: and answers it.
speaker_heading: MARIA (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello? Yes, my dear, it is. I see.
dialog: Yes, of course. Thank you for
dialog: letting me know.
text: She puts down the receiver. And in her face we see that she
text: has just received some life-changing news. Lizbet notices.
speaker_heading: LIZBET
dialog: Are you alright Maria?
text: And when Maria utters her sister’s name, it is to herself.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Luise.
scene_heading: EXT. A CEMETERY. DAY.
text: A Jewish cemetery on a sunny afternoon, an oasis of calm
text: against the Los Angeles skyline. People huddled around
text: LUISE’S coffin as Maria makes a short speech. She looks
text: dignified in an unostentatious suit.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My sister and I loved each other
dialog: but the truth is that we were
dialog: always competing. If life is a
dialog: race, then she has beaten me to the
dialog: finishing line. But if it isa
dialog: boxing match, then I’m the last one
dialog: standing.
text: A ripple of laughter from those who knew them both. With a
text: spade, Maria throws some earth into the grave. And when she
text: speaks again, it is quietly, looking down at her sister’s
dialog: coffin.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Either way, we went through a lot
dialog: together, and I will miss you. Auf
dialog: wiedersehen, Liebe Schwester.
scene_heading: EXT. A CEMETERY. DAY. LATER
text: As the mourners make their way to the waiting limos in the
text: late afternoon sun, Maria is accompanied by BARBARA
text: SCHOENBERG, an old family friend. Barbara is in her sixties;
text: an academic who is intelligent and warm.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you for coming, Barbara, to
dialog: have you here means a lot.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Our families go back a long way.
dialog: How are you coping?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m getting used to losing the
dialog: people I love. Practice makes
dialog: perfect, my dear.
text: And that reminds her of a job that needs doing.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Barbara. Your son, the lawyer...
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Randy?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Last time I saw him he was wearing
text: braces and reading a Spiderman
dialog: comic. How is he?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Struggling, I’m afraid.
text: Maria looks at her, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: BARBARA (CONT'D)
dialog: After law school he worked at a
dialog: fancy firm for four years, then
dialog: decided to set out on his own in
dialog: Pasadena.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So what happened?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: It all fell apart. Add those debts
dialog: to seven years of student loans and
dialog: things aren’t great.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m sorry to hear it.
text: They’ve reached the cars. A chauffeur opens the door for
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Good news is he has an interview
text: coming up with a firm downtown.
dialog: Something solid.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well, that sounds promising.
text: The two women kiss and Maria gets into the car.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: You need a lawyer?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Some letters I found in my sister's
dialog: belongings. I need advice from
dialog: someone I can trust.
scene_heading: EXT. A LOS ANGELES ROAD. DAY.
text: RANDY is driving his tired car a little erratically along an
text: LA road, obviously late. RANDY is in his thirties, eager,
dialog: with a rough charm . But there is also something a little
text: chaotic and immature about him, as if he is still searching
dialog: for his centre.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY
text: Randy has his hands on the steering wheel and is sipping
text: coffee from a paper cup as he rehearses for the upcoming
dialog: interview.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And I really feel that with a firm
dialog: like yours..and I really feel, sir,
dialog: that with a firm of this
dialog: reputation...
text: His cell phone - very much of the period - rings on the
text: passenger seat next to him. He picks it up, placing the cup
text: between his thighs.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: BARBARA (0.S.)
dialog: Randy, do you remember Maria
dialog: Altmann? She has something she
dialog: wants to ask you.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Not a good time, Mom, not a good
dialog: time. I’11 call you later.
text: He switches it off, puts it back, and aims for his cup. But
text: he drops it, pouring steaming coffee on his crotch.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit!
scene_heading: EXT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN OFFICES. DAY.
text: Randy is racing towards the impressive glass and steel
text: building that houses the Bergen Brown Sherman Law Firm. He’s
text: running late, has to weave his way through impressive young
text: lawyers on their way to work.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR, BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN. DAY.
text: And in the elevator of the law firm building, he is still
text: rehearsing under his breath.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I sincerely feel that with a firm
dialog: of this standing, no, with a firm
dialog: of this calibre..
text: There’s a high-powered looking lawyer wearing an impressive
text: suit in the lift - he throws Randy a funny, slightly
text: supercilious look and then spots the coffee stain on the
text: crotch.
speaker_heading: RANDY.
dialog: It's coffee. Soya cappuccino.
scene_heading: INT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN BOARDROOM. DAY
text: In the impressive glass and steel offices, Randy is now being
text: interviewed by the partners that make up BERGEN, BROWN and
text: SHERMAN, all in their sixties. They sit on one side of the
text: boardroom table and on the other sits Randy, who is
text: delivering his rehearsed spiel with nervy gusto.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: With a firm as impressive as this,
dialog: I would be strongly motivated to
dialog: deliver my very best.
text: SHERMAN has an open folder before him which contains Randy's
text: CV : the name SCHOENBERG in bold letters at the top.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Any relation to the famous
dialog: composer?
text: Randy is a little put out by the question. One senses he gets
dialog: this all the time. But he does his best to cover the
text: instinctive response.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Arnold was my grandfather, sir.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: His music demands a certain quality
dialog: of application but the rewards
dialog: validate the effort.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: A radical.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: One of the things I would most look
dialog: forward to is dealing with..
text: But he’s interrupted.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: And Judge Schoenberg is your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Retired now, but yes sir, he is.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Outstanding lineage Mr. Schoenberg.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He gives up, smiles, just a little defeated. It’s not as if
dialog: he’s not used to living in these shadows.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: So what happened in Pasadena?
text: Randy is flummoxed by the question. For a second he
text: flounders, then opts for honesty.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I took a risk and it didn’t pay
dialog: off. Working for yourself isn’t
dialog: everything it’s hyped up to be.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: So now you’re ready to work with
dialog: others.
text: And all Randy can muster is a smile. But Sherman decides to
text: give him a chance. He closes the file.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s give it a go, Mr. Schoenberg.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: In the slightly scruffy back garden of the house Randy shares
text: with his wife PAM and baby daughter DORA in the San Fernando
text: Valley, Pam and Randy are drinking champagne. Pam is holding
text: the glasses in one hand, balancing Dora in the other. Randy
text: puts on a mock patrician voice, sending the whole thing up a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Here’s to Bergen, Brown, Sherman,
dialog: and being able to tell them apart.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I’m so proud of you. And I was
dialog: thinking..
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Uh-oh.
text: She gives him a playful kick in the shins. He feigns pain.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: We could get out of here, put a
dialog: down payment on one of those houses
dialog: we saw in Brentwood. I mean, not
text: now, but soon.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Oh my God, I’ve just come from the
dialog: interview and she’s already calling
dialog: the moving company.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It’s the first time we can start
dialog: making plans.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What is it you don’t like about
dialog: this place? The leaking taps, the
dialog: rogue mice, or the psychotic
dialog: neighbour?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: All of the above. And we could get
dialog: somewhere with a little room I
dialog: could turn into a studio.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Sounds pretty good.
text: She kisses him, turns to go into the house.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I’m putting her to bed and then
dialog: we'll have dinner. Couscous.
text: She turns and behind her back he makes a face - he’s
text: obviously not a fan of couscous.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: That’s great. I’m going to run out
dialog: but I’1l be back by eight, eight
text: thirty at the latest.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: My Mom's been driving me crazy.
dialog: Some family friend woman. I need to
dialog: get it out of the way.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Okay. Hurry home.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS STREET. DAY.
text: Randy is driving towards Maria’s house, looking a little
text: stressed as he mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thanks, Mom.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DUSK.
text: In the early evening, Randy pulls up in front of Maria’s
text: little bungalow. He gets out of the car to find her watering
dialog: her plants.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I was expecting you at six. It’s
text: ten past.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: My apologies, Mrs. Altmann, it was
text: gridlock on Wilshire.
dialog: And it’s lovely to see you too.
text: As he shakes her hand the sarcasm can’t help but seep through
text: his smile. Maria starts to make her way towards the front
text: door; he follows.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You look tired and stressed but
dialog: you’re not bad looking.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Do you know anything about art
dialog: restitution?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Not a thing.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well, it’s never too late to learn.
dialog: Come in and have some strudel. I
dialog: made it especially for you.
text: And as they enter the house, Randy throws a quick glance at
text: his watch. He really doesn’t have the time for this.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DUSK.
text: Randy is walking around Maria’s living room, taking it all
text: in. It’s as if a small part of pre-war Vienna has been
text: transported to the suburbs of L.A. He’s looking at an old
dialog: family picture on the wall from the 1920s when Maria
text: approaches with a slice of strudel for him.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My sister is the pretty one on the
dialog: right.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK.
text: The photo comes to life: it is the 1920’s and the Bloch-
text: Bauers are posing for the photographer: CHILD MARIA and her
text: sister CHILD LUISE, GUSTAV and THERESE, their parents,
text: FERDINAND and ADELE, their uncle and aunt. As each one is
text: mentioned, we see them in close-up as they prepare to have
dialog: their photograph taken.
speaker_heading: MARIA (V.O.)
dialog: I’m the moody one in the middle. My
dialog: parents, my uncle Ferdinand, and
dialog: my aunt Adele.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come and sit next to me, Komm, setz dich neben mich,
dialog: Maria, darling. Maria, Liebling.
speaker_heading: MARIA (V.O.)
dialog: Adele did not have children, we
dialog: were like one big family ; I had
text: two sets of parents.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Try to smile Maria, it’s Versuche wenigstens einmal im
dialog: good to exercise your facial Jahr zu lacheln Maria, es ist
dialog: muscles at least once a year! eine gute Ubung fiir deine
dialog: Gesichtsmuskeln!
text: They all laugh and there’s a flash as the photo is taken.
speaker_heading: MARIA (V.O.)
dialog: The Bloch-Bauers.
speaker_heading: RANDY (V.O.)
dialog: The famous Bloch-Bauers.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DUSK.
text: And now they’re sitting and he’s finished the cake, puts the
text: plate down. Maria hands him a big bundle of letters, tied
text: with a string. He is polite but it’s not easy, he doesn’t
dialog: want to be here.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I found these amongst my sister's
dialog: belongings. I’ve translated them
dialog: for you on the back.
text: He starts to scan them, notices the date.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: 1948.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: From our family lawyer in Vienna,
dialog: Johann Rinesch. All about our
dialog: paintings which were stolen by the
dialog: Nazis.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: A month ago I read in the New York
dialog: Times that things are changing in
dialog: Austria.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: How are they changing?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They're redrafting the art
dialog: restitution laws. Reviewing old
dialog: cases.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S DINING ROOM. DUSK.
text: The dining room basks in late afternoon light as Maria opens
text: the sliding doors to it, and it’s madness - all of her
text: sister’s belongings take up the whole room, books and boxes
text: piled high on the floor and on the table. Randy follows her
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My sister finally moves in with me.
dialog: Only problem is she decides to do
dialog: it when she’s dead.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Well, at least you won’t be having
dialog: any arguments that way.
text: She gives him a look. He flounders, keeps digging.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: What I mean is..you know how house-
dialog: mates argue, like about leaving
text: dishes in the sink and stuff like
dialog: that.
text: She gives him nothing. Randy digs some more.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: So you won’t be arguing. About
dialog: dishes. Is what I mean. Coz she’s
dialog: dead.
text: It's agony. He’s reached the end. No more space to dig.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. That was..it was a joke.
dialog: Well, it was supposed to be a joke.
text: She holds it for a beat.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m glad you went for law and not
text: stand-up comedy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You’re not alone there.
dialog: 11
text: She reaches for a box, opens it, takes out a faded old
text: postcard of the Klimt portrait of Adele, hands it to him.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Here she is - my Aunt Adele,
dialog: painted by Gustav Klimt.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: That’s quite a painting.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It’s magnificent. She was taken off
dialog: the wall of our home by the Nazis.
text: Since then, she has been hanging in
dialog: the Belvedere Gallery in Vienna.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And now you want to be reunited.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Wouldn’t that be lovely?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It would make you a rich woman, I’m
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And you think that’s what it’s
dialog: about, do you?
text: Randy is slightly taken aback and admonished. With her hand
text: she indicates the many boxes that lay piled and scattered
text: across the room: a family’s history. She picks up an old book
text: - a copy of the famous children’s stories Struwwelpeter - and
text: runs her hand across the cover. He notices the book.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to do what I can to keep the
dialog: memories alive. Because people
dialog: forget, you know. And then, there’s
dialog: justice.
text: And he catches something in her eyes - the memory of a long-
text: lost past and a long-forgotten wrong.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S GARDEN. NIGHT.
text: Under the warm Californian night, Maria and Randy are sitting
text: in her garden. Randy is holding the postcard of Adele now;
text: Maria is holding the letters.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: After the war they returned a
dialog: couple of paintings to us which
dialog: paid for my nephew’s education. But
dialog: we had to sign export permits to
dialog: relinquish any claims to the five
dialog: Klimts including that portrait of
dialog: my aunt.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Export permits?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The Klimts were deemed national
dialog: treasures so we weren’t allowed to
dialog: take them out of the country even
dialog: though they belonged to us. So we
dialog: signed them over.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We didn’t have the strength to
dialog: fight, we were just grateful to be
dialog: alive. All we wanted to do was
dialog: mourn our dead. And there was
dialog: another important reason we didn’t
dialog: contest it.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We were told that Adele had left
dialog: the paintings to the Belvedere in
dialog: her will.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Had she?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We always thought so. Then I read
dialog: these letters.
text: And she puts them on the table. Randy picks them up, but once
text: again he throws a quick look at his watch.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. NIGHT.
text: A few minutes later, Maria is walking Randy back to his car.
text: When they get there, she decides to give her verdict.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I am sorry to have wasted your
dialog: time. It was a test and we have
dialog: both failed.
text: He looks at her, doesn’t know what she means.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have bored you to tears. Four
dialog: times you looked at your watch
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I got a new job today. I have a
dialog: baby that keeps me up at night, a
dialog: wife I want to make happy, several
dialog: financial institutions who'd like
text: my feet broken, and a plate of
text: couscous waiting at home.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So why would you be interested in
dialog: ancient history?
text: She takes the letters from his hand.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's great about the new job. And I
dialog: hope you succeed in making your
dialog: wife happy. Enjoy your couscous, my
dialog: dear.
text: He is about to get into the car, then stops.
dialog: She doesn’
dialog: Something
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Struwwelpeter.
dialog: t understand.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: That book you were holding. My
dialog: grandmother used to read those
dialog: stories to me. Terrifying. The one
text: with the boy who got swept away by
dialog: the wind...
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Into a terrible adventure. I too,
dialog: found it frightening.
text: small happens; she returns the letters to him.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just have a look and tell me if I
dialog: have a case. That’s all I want from
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Randy and Pam’s bedroom, like the rest of their house, is
text: small and too crowded; it’s obvious they’ve outgrown it.
text: Randy is lying in bed next to PAM, looking through the
dialog: letters.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Read that one to me.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: ‘11th of April, 1948. Dear Luise
dialog: Bloch-Bauer,’ - that’s her sister -
dialog: ‘the Austrian Government has
dialog: decided to return to you two of the
dialog: paintings which were unlawfully
dialog: taken from your family during Nazi
dialog: occupation.’
dialog: 14
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S BUNGALOW. NIGHT.
text: Maria goes from room to room, switching off the lights one by
text: one before she goes to bed. As the portrait of Adele is
dialog: mentioned we hover a little on the postcard of it which Maria
text: has placed leaning against some books in the dining room.
speaker_heading: RANDY (V.O.)
dialog: ‘This however comes with the full
dialog: understanding that they will hold
dialog: on to the Klimt portrait of your
dialog: aunt and the other four Klimts
dialog: which they insist were bequeathed
dialog: to the gallery in her will, a fact
text: which they claim as incontestible.’
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: And as Randy reads the last sentence, his interest has grown.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: ‘The will itself, I have not seen,
dialog: despite my persistent attempts to
dialog: do so. Yours sincerely, Johann
dialog: Rinesch’.
text: And he puts down the letter, looks over at Pam.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: So her lawyer never saw the will?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Nobody saw the will. Can you
dialog: believe that? Nobody.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Nobody?
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: In his pyjamas, in amongst Dora’s toys, Randy is on the
text: internet, researching the web page of the ‘Austrian
dialog: Government, Ministry of Culture: Art Restitution claims.’ And
text: as his eyes scan the page we can tell he’s already being
text: drawn in a little.
scene_heading: INT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN OFFICES. DAY.
text: Randy comes out of his office, into the reception area and
text: sees Maria. He’s holding a bunch of papers. Maria is sitting,
text: but stands when he approaches. Randy’s behaviour is a little
text: furtive, as if he doesn’t want to be seen with Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Everybody here looks like they are
text: about to have nervous breakdowns.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Most of them are. We need to
dialog: photocopy these.
dialog: 15
text: Through a glass partition he notices Sherman looking at him,
text: wondering who Maria is. Feeling the pressure, Randy starts to
text: walk down the corridor to where the photocopier is, with
text: Maria in tow. He is obviously in a hurry, fitting Maria in
text: between pressing work at the office.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was up till three, I did some
dialog: research for you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m impressed.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Get someone on the ground in
dialog: Vienna. For the first time in fifty
dialog: years, they’ve opened the archives.
dialog: So you start by trying to find a
dialog: copy of Adele’s will.
text: They have arrived at the photocopier. He starts to make
dialog: copies for her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And then what?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The Austrian Ministry of Culture
dialog: has set up a committee to review
dialog: each case individually. You need to
dialog: fill in an application for them to
dialog: consider your claim by the end of
dialog: next month at the latest.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Next month?
text: He hands her a piece of paper - she scans it with her eyes.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’ve sent away for one already.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Slow down, you're going too quickly
dialog: for me. You can explain things to
dialog: me over lunch.
text: And just then, he sees Sherman again, coming out of a
dialog: conference room.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Oh, no, no, no, no. I can’t do
dialog: lunch. I can’t do lunch, Maria.
scene_heading: INT. NORM’S DINER. DAY.
text: They’ve had lunch. Randy has placed the photocopied papers on
text: the table, amidst the leftovers.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: These are three names of the top
dialog: restitution lawyers in America.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: They’11 cost you but without them,
dialog: it’s a non-starter.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: All I have is my bungalow, my shop,
dialog: and a little money I’ve been saving
dialog: for a trip to Hawaii. I don’t want
dialog: to start throwing cash at some
dialog: fancy lawyers.
text: He hands her the photocopies across the table, starts to put
text: on his jacket.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I need to go.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Randy, I don’t want to rock your
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Well, thank you, how considerate.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: But maybe you can help me on the
dialog: side. Like a hobby.
text: He makes a sign at the waitress for the check.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You can’t do this ‘on the side’
dialog: Maria, this is a full time job,
dialog: this is not a hobby.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You are quite rude, a little
dialog: uncouth, and completely
text: disinterested in the past.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And you have a talent for making me
dialog: feel good about myself.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: But you have the connection.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The connection?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Your family, Randy. Your
dialog: grandparents. They were from
dialog: Vienna. We have the same history.
dialog: And to this he has no answer.
scene_heading: INT. RANDY'S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Back on his computer that afternoon, Randy closes a work page
text: and starts looking for info on the actual painting, finds a
text: piece about it, and his eyes fall on a sentence about its
dialog: estimated value.
dialog: 17
dialog: With him we read the words : “estimated value is over a
text: hundred million dollars”. We watch his reaction at this piece
dialog: of information.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES PARK. DAY.
text: Randy and Pam are having an evening stroll in a local park.
text: Randy has DORA, their baby daughter, strapped to him. As
text: Randy talks to her about this change of heart, he tries to
text: appear casual, nonchalant - a performance to keep her on his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I can help her find the will, get
text: the ball rolling, then hand the
dialog: whole thing over to someone else.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: You mean you’re going to go all the
dialog: way to Austria?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: So all I need to do is get the firm
dialog: interested.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: You sure that’s a good idea? You’ve
dialog: only just started the job, how do
dialog: you think they'll react if you run
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m not going to run off, honey, I
dialog: just want to persuade them to let
dialog: me go. It’s not a big deal.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Besides, you think the Austrians
dialog: will make it that easy for you?
dialog: ‘Here’s the files and a pastry’?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Nothing to lose.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Isn’t there?
text: And her question hovers in the air.
scene_heading: INT. SHERMAN’S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Randy sits in Sherman’s impressive office. He’s handed
text: Sherman a folder which Sherman is scanning his eyes over.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I can’t have you in Austria chasing
dialog: paintings, Randy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Not just any paintings sir.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: I know them well. Our daughter went
dialog: to Vienna and all we got was the
dialog: lousy fridge-magnets.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I see it as a possible investment
dialog: for the firm.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s all in there, sir. There seems
dialog: to be a move in Austria towards
dialog: making reparations for the past.
dialog: And these paintings are priceless.
dialog: I'd be..we’d be representing Mrs.
dialog: Altmann.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: You really think a painting that
text: ends up as a fridge-magnet will
dialog: ever leave Austria?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I think it would be a mistake not
dialog: to take a look.
dialog: For a second Sherman could go either way.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: One week max, I want you back on
dialog: the 3rd.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thank you, sir!
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY
text: Early evening and Maria has just received a new shipment of
text: sweaters at her small boutique. She is taking them out of the
text: containers, placing them carefully onto the shelves. Randy
text: bursts in from the street. She works throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Still working.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’1ll close the shop only when I
text: croak.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’ve got the green light - I’1l go
dialog: over, try and find the will. Then
dialog: we take it from there.
text: She is thrilled.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You are chomping at the bite all
dialog: of a sudden!
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The bit, yes. And I’ve got another
dialog: idea...
text: He puts a copy of an Austrian newspaper, the Wiener Zeitung,
text: on the counter where she’s folding the sweaters. Points to an
text: article. The sight of the Austrian paper unnerves her.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: My mother sent me this. There’s an
dialog: art restitution conference planned
dialog: later this month. They’re looking
dialog: for speakers. I think you should be
text: one of them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Elegant descendant of one of the
dialog: great Viennese families- the press
dialog: would love you. It would speed
dialog: things up, apply pressure.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I love your enthusiasm. After all,
dialog: I’m not a spring chicken, we need
dialog: to get moving. But in your haste,
dialog: there’s been a misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: There has?
text: And suddenly her tone changes, a raw nerve has been touched.
text: She stops her work, folds up the newspaper and puts it in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m not going back to that place.
dialog: Not now, not ever.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They destroyed my family. They
dialog: killed my friends and forced me to
dialog: abandon the people and places that
dialog: I loved.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Over half a century ago.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You think that’s a long time?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: We'd only go back for a few days.
text: And now she snaps, shows that steel.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Randy, you're not listening! I
dialog: would rather die than go back
dialog: there. Not for all the paintings in
dialog: the world.
text: She suddenly feels she may have over-reacted, pulls back, and
text: smiles at him. But she knows she’s made her point.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, a few days ago you weren’t
dialog: even interested in the case, now
dialog: you are all over me like a rash.
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Against my better judgement, I
dialog: think I like you.
text: And she gives him a shrewd look. He can’t quite fool her. But
text: despite his shortcomings, she can’t help liking him back.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: At home Maria is alone in her living room, sitting in an arm-
text: chair in her dressing-gown, surrounded by all her things. And
text: in her face we see that Randy’s suggestion that she should
text: return has unleashed a tumult of conflicting emotions.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT.
text: Randy is feeding Dora, who is in a high-chair. Pam, who is a
text: part-time photographer, has some of her most recent photos
text: spread out on the kitchen table and is going through them.
text: It’s obvious that she’s not happy about his decision to go.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’'1l be back before you know it.
dialog: Four days, a week at most. Depends
dialog: on the reception I get.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: So what’s your plan?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s just a hunch, no real plan.
text: She stops what she’s doing.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Are you sure about this?
dialog: We've waited so long for this. You,
dialog: me, Dora. It’s everything we've
dialog: dreamed of. I don’t think we should
dialog: jeopardise that.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m not emigrating to the Congo,
dialog: I’m going to Austria for a few
text: days, with the firm’s blessing.
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 21
text: She stands up, walks over to him, gives him a kiss on the
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: OK.
text: And she leaves the room. But her words take the wind out of
text: his sails and plant some doubt in his mind.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Still in her nightie and dressing-gown, Maria walks up to the
dialog: old record-player, picks up a record to play. The record is
text: Schubert's Du Bist Die Ruh, sung by her husband, Fritz. His
text: name and picture are on the record cover. Near the record-
text: player, there is a photo of them both on their wedding day.
text: With the music playing, she walks slowly over to the dining
text: room door, opens it. For a few seconds, she stands in the
text: doorway looking at all of her sister’s belongings. Almost as
text: if she is frightened of getting closer. Then, slowly, she
text: moves forwards and starts going through them, picking things
text: up from time to time to examine them, objects from their
dialog: shared past: photographs, letters, books in German, toys. A
text: whole world. And as she goes through them, a change is
text: happening in her, a realisation. Finally, she picks up the
text: old postcard of Adele. And then, a memory returns --
scene_heading: INT. ADELE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1920S
text: Adele is sitting in front of her mirror, putting the final
text: touches to her outfit for a night out. Out of the corner of
text: her eye she spots Maria, the child, who is peeking through a
text: gap in the door.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: I see you Maria. Come closer. Ich sehe dich Maria. Komm
dialog: her.
text: Maria edges in and comes to stand behind her.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you help your aunt Modchtest du deiner Tante
dialog: put on her favourite helfen, machst du mir die
dialog: necklace? kette zu?
text: She hangs her diamond and pearl necklace around her neck.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your little fingers are Deine kleinen Finger sind
dialog: perfect for the job. gerade richtig dafiir.
text: Maria does as she’s told, mesmerised by her charismatic aunt
text: and her beautiful necklace.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: One day soon you’re going to
dialog: have to stop being so timid.
dialog: Life will demand it of you.
text: When the necklace is fastened,
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bald wirst du aufhéren
dialog: miissen, so schiichtern zu
dialog: sein. Das Leben verlangt viel
dialog: von uns.
text: she turns around and takes
text: Maria’s face in her hands.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Your only enemy is fear.
speaker_heading: ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dein einziger Feind ist die
dialog: Angst.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1998
text: The phone rings in Randy and Pam’s bedroom. They’re sleeping.
text: Randy wakes, picks it up.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S GARDEN. NIGHT.
text: Maria is standing under the Los Angeles night in her garden,
text: on the wireless phone to him. As she speaks, it takes some
dialog: courage to form the words.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I know it’s the middle of the night
dialog: but if I wait until the morning, I
dialog: might change my mind.
text: She stops for a second, takes a breath.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I've decided to face the ghosts.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Randy puts the phone down. Pam has woken, is looking at him
text: questioningly.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: She’s complicated.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY
text: Maria attaches a piece of paper to the shop door which reads:
text: ‘THE SHOP WILL BE CLOSED UNTIL TUESDAY THE 4TH OF APRIL’. And
text: as she does it, the doubt has crept in again: is she doing
dialog: the right thing?
dialog: 23
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. HIGHWAY / INT. CAR DAY.
text: Pam is driving Maria and Randy to the airport. Maria, dressed
text: to the nines for the trip, is in the front seat. Randy is in
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Your Mom called again this morning.
dialog: She wants you to visit the
dialog: Holocaust memorial while you're
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I know. She’s asked me seven times.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: She said you should do it in honour
dialog: of her grandparents.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Siegmund and Malvina. She had the
text: most beautiful eyes, like an owl.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I noticed that’s a big suitcase
dialog: you're bringing along, Maria. You
dialog: sure you're taking enough stuff?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: If I’m going back, I might as well
dialog: do it in style. Now Pam, darling,
dialog: would you mind going a little
dialog: quicker, we'll miss our flight.
speaker_heading: RANDY
text: It doesn’t leave for another four
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I want to buy perfume and cognac in
dialog: the duty free.
text: Pam and Randy exchange a shared look in the rear-view mirror
text: as he pulls a face of mock terror. What is he getting himself
dialog: into?
scene_heading: EXT. AN L.A. HIGHWAY. DAY
speaker_heading: MARIA (0.S.)
dialog: Maybe you should change lanes.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: With pleasure, Mrs. Altmann.
text: And Pam puts her foot down on the pedal and overtakes another
text: car. Maria’s bossiness is effective.
dialog: 24
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA STREET. DAY. 1938
text: An abstract, nightmare vision - a Jewish woman in a fur coat
text: is scrubbing the pavement, surrounded by a jeering, mocking
text: crowd of people. A moment of absolute degradation. And a
text: voice is heard.
speaker_heading: STEWARD (0.S.) STEWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re about to land in Wir werden gleich in Wien
dialog: Vienna. Please fasten your landen. Bitte schnallen sie
dialog: seat-belt. sich an.
scene_heading: INT. AUSTRIAN AIRLINES PLANE, ECONOMY CLASS. DAY.
text: It was a nightmare - and the voice wakes Maria up with a
text: sudden start. But it’s only the air steward. Maria looks out
text: of the window at Vienna, shimmering in the spring sunshine
text: below them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I never thought I’d come back.
text: She puts her hand on Randy’s. In that one gesture of physical
text: intimacy, all her fear is obvious. And Randy is a little
text: taken aback by it - he senses the emotional nature of the job
text: he’s accepted and this makes him a little nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA. DAY.
text: Montage of Vienna, a world away from Los Angeles: the parks,
text: the tree-lined avenues, the Schonbrunn Palace.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA TAXI. DAY.
text: Randy and Maria in the back of the cab taking them from the
text: airport to the hotel. Maria is staring out of the window.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Some guy from the Ministry has
dialog: agreed to see me tomorrow. I have a
dialog: feeling he’s in charge of paper-
dialog: clips.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We’re lucky anyone has agreed to
dialog: meet us at all.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: But you don’t have to come, you can
dialog: stay at the hotel.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We haven’t even arrived and you're
dialog: already thinking of ways to get rid
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I didn’t really/
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Anyway, I want to go to the
dialog: Belvedere to visit my aunt. The
text: postcard doesn’t do her justice.
text: Maria stares out of the window. They are on the Ringstrasse
text: now, and the car stops at a traffic light by a cafe. Maria
text: looks through the cafe window. And suddenly, for a second,
text: through Maria’s eyes, it changes. In the cafe, in amongst all
text: the people in modern dress, she sees herself as a child, with
text: her sister Luise, and her aunt Adele. The girls are eating
text: ice-cream, and Adele is laughing at something one of them has
dialog: said.
text: Maria blinks nervously and it all returns to the present. A
text: momentary memory.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. DAY.
text: At the reception of their small hotel they are signing in.
text: The receptionist, a young Austrian man, is writing down the
text: details from Maria’s passport and notices that she was born
dialog: in Vienna.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You were born in Vienna Mrs.
dialog: Altmann?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Just round the corner, yes.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
dialog: You speak German? Sprechen Sie Deutsch?
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes. But I choose to speak English
dialog: these days.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I hope you enjoy your stay.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I‘1l certainly try.
text: And there is a nervousness in her which manifests itself in a
text: slight terseness.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK.
text: Later that night Randy and Maria are walking under the street-
text: lamps of Elizabethstrasse. Suddenly she stops in her tracks.
text: Her family home stands before them. The emotion is clear in
text: her eyes and voice. Randy notices.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you alright, Maria?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: There it is. No. 18. Our home.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s beautiful.
text: But Maria is overwhelmed, and can’t speak.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK.
text: And a few minutes later they are walking round the side of
text: the house, seeing it from different angles and the memories
dialog: have flooded back.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The things this house has seen
dialog: Randy. Great writers, artists and
dialog: musicians passed through these
dialog: doors, including your grandfather
dialog: of course. And once, Doctor Freud.
dialog: On my wedding night, half of Vienna
dialog: was here. The world was changing
dialog: around us, but we danced on,
text: unaware. Only half conscious.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Too much alcohol?
text: And the minute it’s out, he knows he’s ruined the moment. She
text: gives him a withering look. She is incensed.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Is everything a joke to you?
text: And she walks away. He stands in her wake, cursing himself.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA HOTEL. NIGHT.
text: They are nearly back at the hotel now, MARIA walking ahead
text: angrily, with Randy in tow, feeling her wrath.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I think we’ve both made a mistake
dialog: coming here.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m sorry, Maria.
text: Just as they approach the hotel, a man emerges from the
text: shadows. It is HUBERTUS CZERNIN: in his mid-forties,
text: handsome, intellectual and aristocratic.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Mrs. Altmann?
text: Maria and Randy are taken by surprise.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: I spotted your name on the list of
dialog: speakers for the restitution
dialog: conference and I tracked you down.
text: Randy is immediately suspicious.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And you are...?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Hubertus Czernin, investigative
dialog: reporter. I’ve been called a thorn
dialog: in the Austrian backside. I took it
dialog: as a great compliment.
text: He takes Maria’s hand and kisses it. Randy balks a little.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome to Vienna.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR. NIGHT.
text: In the empty bar of the small hotel Maria and Randy have a
text: whisky with Hubertus. Hubertus places a copy of his magazine
text: PROFIL on the table in front of them.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: I’m the editor. My little Austrian
dialog: baby. It keeps me sane.
text: Randy flicks through it, still suspicious.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: When I wrote a piece exposing the
dialog: Nazi past of our own President
dialog: Waldheim a man walked up to me in
dialog: the super-market and spat in my
dialog: face. He called me a traitor. I
dialog: said to him I was a true Austrian.
dialog: Only I know how much I love this
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And what makes you interested ina
dialog: couple of Californian tourists Mr.
dialog: Czernin?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: I just thought you could do with an
dialog: Austrian friend.
text: Randy hands him back the magazine.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Like many Americans Mr. Schoenberg,
dialog: perhaps you have a tendency to be a
dialog: little optimistic.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I do?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: This whole restitution thing began
dialog: as a P.R. exercise. Austria wanted
dialog: to improve its image abroad.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT'D)
dialog: But now it’s turning into a
text: Pandora’s box.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They don’t want to give away their
dialog: treasures.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: So they’re going to put as many
dialog: obstacles in your way as possible.
dialog: And I might just be able to help
dialog: you get over some of them.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And what's in it for you? What’s
dialog: your motive?
text: Hubertus smiles at the abruptness of Randy’s question.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Let’s just say it’s a very
dialog: particular brand of patriotism.
text: He stands.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I think
dialog: I’ll treat us to another round of
dialog: drinks.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Wonderful idea.
text: And he leaves the table and makes his way to the bar. Randy
text: continues to look suspicious and Maria uses the opportunity
dialog: to score a point.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I like him. At least he has some
dialog: manners.
text: But Randy doesn’t look convinced.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S HOTEL BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Maria is in her nightie, brushing her hair and getting ready
text: for bed. She goes into the bathroom and pours some water over
text: her face. She looks into the mirror questioningly. Has she
dialog: done the right thing coming back? And YOUNG MARIA appears in
text: the mirror’s reflection: her twenty-two year old self in her
text: bridal dress. And we hear the voice of her husband FRITZ, as
text: he sings a Mozart aria.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 1938
text: And it’s the night of her wedding to FRITZ - the whole of
text: Viennese society in their finery. Fritz comes to the end of
text: the aria and there is applause as Gustav takes to the floor,
text: with Therese at his side.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: When my daughter Maria told
dialog: me that she was marrying an
dialog: opera singer I said ‘as long
dialog: as he’s not planning to sing
text: Puccini at the wedding’. So
dialog: we settled on Mozart. Let’s
dialog: keep the whole thing Austrian
dialog: I said.
text: Some laughter, applause.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: I ask you ladies and
dialog: gentleman to raise a glass to
dialog: Fritz and Maria.
speaker_heading: WEDDING GUEST
dialog: Long live the bride and
dialog: groom.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Als mir meine Tocher Maria
dialog: sagte, sie wiirde einen
dialog: Opernsanger heiraten, sagte
dialog: ich nur, 'solange er nicht
dialog: vorhat, Puccini auf der
dialog: Hochzeit zu singen'. Deswegen
dialog: einigten wir uns auf Mozart.
dialog: Ich sagte, lass uns das Ganze
dialog: auf 6sterreichisch machen.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Meine Damen und Herren, ich
dialog: bitte Sie, erheben Sie Ihr
dialog: Glas und lassen Sie uns auf
dialog: Fritz und Maria anstofen.
speaker_heading: WEDDING GUEST (CONT’D)
dialog: Hoch lebe das Brautpaar.
text: And everybody toasts to ‘Fritz and Maria’.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: These are troubling days. Let
dialog: us hope that this memorable
dialog: evening is a harbinger of
dialog: happier times.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Das sind finstere Zeiten
dialog: -Hoffen wir, dass dieser
dialog: unvergessliche Abend unter
dialog: einem guten Omen fiir
dialog: gliicklichere Tage steht.
dialog: Vocal agreement by the audience but you can tell that neither
text: they or Gustav are convinced by these last words.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: Maria and Fritz now make their way through the music and the
text: crowd, being congratulated and feted.
text: They pass by Luise who
text: is dancing the foxtrot brilliantly.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: So like my sister to upstage
dialog: me even on my wedding day!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Typisch meine Schwester! -
dialog: Sogar auf meiner Hochzeit
dialog: stiehlt sie mir die Schau.
text: And her uncle Ferdinand finds them in the bustle.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: Young man you better look
dialog: after your treasure here.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Junger Mann, passen Sie gut
dialog: auf Ihren Schatz auf.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I’l1l do my best sir.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Ich werde mein Bestes tun,
dialog: mein Herr.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: And now, may I borrow my
dialog: niece for a few minutes?
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Und darf ich meine Nichte
dialog: jetzt auf ein paar Minuten
dialog: entftihren?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: She’s all yours.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Bitte sehr!
scene_heading: INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: Off one of the corridors, one of the rooms is a shrine to
text: Adele’s memory. Nothing in it apart from Adele’s portrait,
text: the other Klimts and vases of flowers. A fire-place too with
text: a fire burning. Ferdinand and Maria sit under the portrait.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: It makes me sad your aunt
dialog: Adele is not here to admire
dialog: you today.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Me too uncle.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
text: At least she’s not alive to
dialog: witness what is happening to
dialog: the country she loved so
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Es macht mich traurig dass
dialog: deine Tante Adele nicht hier
dialog: ist, um dich heute zu
dialog: bewundern.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Mich auch, Onkel.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Wenigstens muss sie nicht
dialog: erleben, was mit ihrem
dialog: heissgeliebten Land
dialog: geschieht.
text: He takes out a small jewelry case.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: I want you to have this
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Ich moechte, dass du sie
dialog: bekommst, Maria.
text: He opens the case: it is Adele’s diamond necklace - the same
text: one she wears in the painting, the same one Maria fastened
text: around her neck as a child.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Her favourite.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Thre Lieblingskette.
text: Ferdinand stands up and fastens it around her neck. Maria is
text: deeply moved by the gesture.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: Like her, you are head-strong
dialog: and inquiring. Something of
dialog: Adele’s spirit is in you.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Wie sie, bist du eigensinnig
dialog: und neugierig. Du hast etwas
dialog: von Adeles Charakter in dir.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: I will always treasure it.
text: Gustav enters with Luise.
speaker_heading: YOUNG LUISE
dialog: There you are! Come Maria,
dialog: it’s time for the cake!
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: The whole world has been
dialog: looking for you!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Alright, alright.
text: Maria walks up to her uncle and
text: Luise grabs her by the hand.
speaker_heading: YOUNG LUISE
dialog: Hurry up! I’m hungry!
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich werde sie immer zu
dialog: schadtzen wissen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG LUISE (CONT’D)
dialog: Da bist du ja! Komm’ Maria,
dialog: es ist Zeit fiir den Torte!
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Die ganze Welt ist auf der
dialog: Suche nach Dir!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Schon gut, ich komme.
text: embraces him. He kisses her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG LUISE (CONT'D)
text: And she drags Maria out of the room.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: That Maria of yours is a
dialog: heart-stealer.
dialog: Mach' schnell ! Ich bin
dialog: hungrig!
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Deine Maria ist
dialog: unwiderstehlich.
text: He walks up to a small drinks tray and pours himself a whisky
dialog: and one for his brother.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: The Chancellor has conceded
text: on every front. Hitler has
dialog: made some empty promise about
dialog: Austrian sovereignty but my
dialog: bet is that before the end of
dialog: the month the Nazis will be
dialog: marching round the
dialog: Ringstrasse in their
dialog: jackboots.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: You really think that is
dialog: possible? The Austrians will
dialog: not allow it.
text: He hands it to him.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Der Kanzler hat alles
dialog: bewilligt. Hitler hat einige
dialog: leere Versprechen tiber
dialog: Osterreichs Souveranitat
dialog: gemacht, aber ich wette, dass
dialog: die Nazis noch vor Monatsende
dialog: in ihren Stiefeln um die
dialog: Ringstrasse marschieren
dialog: werden.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Glaubst du wirklich, dass
dialog: das méglich ist? Die
dialog: Osterreicher werden es nicht
dialog: zulassen.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: I will leave for Zurich on
dialog: Sunday with Luise. By next
dialog: week, the rest of you must
dialog: join us.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: We can’t leave, just like
dialog: that. There will be much to
dialog: do, we have to take our time.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND
dialog: Like always, you are a
dialog: dreamer, Gustav. Time is the
dialog: one thing we haven’t got.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Ich reise am Sonntag mit
dialog: Luise nach Ziirich. Bis
dialog: nadchste Woche miisst ihr alle
dialog: dort eingetroffen sein.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Wir kénnen nicht einfach so
dialog: weggehen. Es gibt viel zu
dialog: tun, wir brauchen Zeit.
speaker_heading: FERDINAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Du bist wie immer ein
dialog: Traumer, Gustav. Zeit ist das
dialog: Einzige, was wir nicht haben.
text: And Gustav cannot ignore these final words. They strike a
text: chord with him and for the first time, there is a very
text: palpable worry in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
dialog: After the cutting
text: of the cake, Maria and Fritz are surrounded
text: by family and friends. Therese is making the most of the
text: moment as the mother of the bride, making a little speech.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: Now it is time for the mother
dialog: to speak! And all I can do is
dialog: wish these children a life of
dialog: peace and love.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jetzt ist es an der Zeit,
dialog: dass die Mutter ein paar
dialog: Worte spricht! Alles, was ich
dialog: tun kann, ist, diesen Kindern
dialog: ein Leben in Frieden und
dialog: Liebe zu wiinschen.
text: And breaking the solemnity of the moment, Fritz brings a
text: forkful of cake to Maria’s mouth.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: The diet is over, you fit
dialog: into your wedding dress. Now
dialog: open your mouth and eat some!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Alright. But I have some news
dialog: for you. This is the last
dialog: time you’re telling me what
dialog: to do!
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Die Zeit des Abmagerns ist
dialog: vorbei, du passt doch in dein
dialog: Brautkleid. Jetzt mach den
dialog: Mund auf und iss!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Gut. Aber ich sage dir, das
dialog: ist das letzte Mal, dass du
dialog: mir sagst, was ich tun soll!
text: And everybody laughs as Maria takes a giant bite of the cake.
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: And now everyone is dancing - the family, the guests, the old
text: and the young. And as the pace of the dance picks up there is
text: a sense in all of them that this may well be the final dance.
text: There is spirit and warmth in the dancers but there is also
text: the knowledge that this is the end of an era. And with that
text: knowledge, the dance turns slightly frenzied, manic, as if
text: all who dance are trying to dance their way out of the
text: terrible fate that awaits them.
scene_heading: INT. ARCHIVES OFFICE, MINISTRY OF CULTURE. DAY. 1998
text: Randy and Maria are sitting waiting for someone from the
text: Archive Department. No-one is paying much attention to them.
text: Randy looks at the clock on the wall.
speaker_heading: RANDY
text: Forty-five minutes.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Something tells me we'll be doing a
dialog: lot of waiting in Austria.
text: An ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE appears, a stern looking woman in her
text: fifties. She is holding a file. She speaks German.
scene_heading: ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Your application to search Ihre Anfrage auf
dialog: the archives has been Nachforschung im Archiv ist
dialog: received but it has not been eingetroffen, wurde aber noch
dialog: processed yet. nicht bearbeitet.
text: Randy tries to reply in German but is useless - he has a very
text: strong American accent and completely mispronounces the
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: RANDY RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Quickly, please. Schnell, bitte!
scene_heading: ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D)
dialog: We will let you know when Wir werden Sie
dialog: permission is granted. benachrichtigen, sobald die
dialog: Freigabe erfolgt ist.
text: And she walks off.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I think that’s a no.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: That’s Austrian bureaucracy for
dialog: you. Selectively efficient. And by
dialog: the way, I thought you said you had
dialog: forgotten most of the German your
dialog: grandmother taught you.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thanks, Maria, that’s kind.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You haven’t forgotten most of it.
dialog: You have forgotten all of it.
text: And she’s walking towards the door, leaving him reeling in
dialog: her wake.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE IN MINISTRY OF CULTURE. DAY.
text: Randy and Maria are in the office of a junior official in the
text: Ministry of Culture. The man is superficially cordial and
text: smiles a lot but there is an air of impatience to him, as if
dialog: he has more pressing matters.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICIAL
dialog: The Restitution Committee has
dialog: decided your case is worthy of a
dialog: review Mrs. Altmann.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Young Mr. Schoenberg and I have
dialog: travelled all this way so we'd
dialog: appreciate discussing my case with
dialog: the Committee before they make any
dialog: decisions at all.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICIAL
dialog: The Committee will not be
dialog: interacting with external parties.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We’re an external party, are we?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The paintings belonged to Mrs.
dialog: Altmann’s family.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICIAL
dialog: It is an internal matter. But you
dialog: must trust that all due procedures
dialog: will be followed.
text: And he stands.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR OFFICIAL (CONT’D)
dialog: And now if you don’t mind, I have a
dialog: reception to go to. Do make sure
dialog: you enjoy your stay in our
dialog: beautiful city. It’s been a real
dialog: pleasure to meet you.
text: And they are ushered into the reception area and the door has
text: closed behind them.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA, MINISTRY OF CULTURE. DAY.
text: Standing in the reception area, Maria and Randy try to come
dialog: to terms with the manner in which they’ve just been treated.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: This man had the smile of a
dialog: psychopath.
dialog: 35
text: She jokes but Randy notices she’s been affected by the
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m wondering if I have the
dialog: strength to deal with these people.
dialog: And we’ve only been here a day.
text: And she gives him a vulnerable smile.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY.
text: Randy, Maria and Hubertus are walking towards the main
text: entrance of the Belvedere in the morning sunshine.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It looks like we’re not going to
dialog: get a copy of the will before we
dialog: have to leave after all.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The archive department wasn’t
dialog: exactly helpful.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Thankfully I have what is commonly
text: known as a ‘mole’ in the Belvedere.
dialog: Someone who can speed things up.
text: Hubertus hands Randy a piece of paper with a number on it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: On Mondays the museum is all locked
dialog: up. But my friendly mole will be
dialog: waiting for you. I hope you’re not
text: allergic to a little dust.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Didn't I tell you he was going to
dialog: be useful, Randy?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Be patient, Maria. He’ll soon come
dialog: to see that some Austrians are his
dialog: friends, whatever their motives.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Keep working at it.
dialog: And Randy's little retort is enough for us to know that his
text: doubts about Hubertus are thawing.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY.
text: Maria, Randy and Hubertus are walking through the Belvedere
text: galleries. Suddenly, Maria stops in her tracks. She sees a
text: portrait she recognises. It is the Klimt portrait of Amalie
dialog: Zackerkandl.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: Amalie Zuckerkandl. Also painted by
dialog: Klimt. She was a friend of our
text: family. She was murdered by the
dialog: Nazis.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: At Belzec death camp, yes. Mrs.
dialog: Altmann, your aunt is around this
dialog: corner. Are you ready for the
dialog: reunion?
text: They turn the corner and there she is: Klimt’s portrait of
text: Adele. The emotion is evident on Maria’s face and she can’t
text: help but whisper her aunt’s name to herself.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Aunt Adele.
text: Randy too is bewitched by the painting, he stares up at it in
text: awe and admiration.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Rightly or wrongly she has become
text: embedded in Austria’s identity. A
dialog: national icon. Adele has become
text: part of the country’s psyche.
text: But as he talks Maria’s mind has travelled to the distant
dialog: past --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 1924.
text: Young Maria looks up at the Klimt painting of her aunt which
text: now hangs on the wall. Adele approaches her.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you like it? Gefallt es dir?
speaker_heading: CHILD MARIA CHILD MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Why is it all gold? Warum ist da soviel gold?
text: Adele sits on the sofa, indicates to Maria that she should
text: come sit on her knee. She does so. Together they look up at
dialog: the painting.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ignore all the gold. That’s Vergiss das ganze Gold. Das
dialog: Klimt. Look at my face ist Klimt. Schau lieber statt
dialog: instead. Does it resemble me? dessen lieber auf mein
dialog: Gesicht. Ist es mir ahnlich?
speaker_heading: CHILD MARIA CHILD MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes. But I don’t think you Ja. Aber du schaust nicht
dialog: look happy. gliicklich aus.
text: Adele is taken aback by her perception and honesty.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I wonder what it will be like
dialog: to be a woman when you are
dialog: older. Whether you will have
dialog: to amuse yourself with
dialog: trivialities.
text: She looks at her niece and sees
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Or maybe time will change
dialog: things.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ich frage mich, wie es sein
dialog: wird, wenn du erwachsen bist,
dialog: wenn du eine frau geworden
dialog: bist. Ob du dich wohl mit
dialog: belanglosigkeiten zufrieden
dialog: geben musst?
text: a reflection.
speaker_heading: ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Vielleicht andern sich ja die
dialog: Zeiten.
text: Suddenly the voice of a tour-guide brings her back to the
text: present. The tour-guide is an Austrian woman and her
dialog: followers are a pack of teenage
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: Austria’s own Woman in Gold,
dialog: painted by Klimt. One of our
dialog: most famous paintings, a
dialog: glorious example of Austria’s
dialog: heritage.
text: Maria can not control herself.
dialog: snaps.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: She was stolen by thieves!
text: Suddenly, unexpectedly,
dialog: school-children.
speaker_heading: . TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D)
dialog: Osterreichs Goldene Adele,
dialog: gemalt von Klimt. Eines
dialog: unserer beriihmtesten Gemalde,
dialog: ein herausragendes Beispiel
dialog: 6sterreichischen Kulturerbes.
dialog: she
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sie wurde von Dieben
dialog: gestohlen!
text: The tour guide and the students look at her as if she is a
text: mad woman and then move to another painting. Some of the
text: teenagers giggle at her. Maria pulls herself together.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria?
text: With shaking hands she takes out of her bag a small camera.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Excuse the temper of an eccentric
dialog: old woman. Mr. Czernin, will you
dialog: kindly take a photograph of me and
dialog: Randy please?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: With pleasure.
text: Maria and Randy pose in front of the painting. Hubertus is
text: about to take the shot when they are approached by a gruff
dialog: guard.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Taking photographs is forbidden!
text: And just as quickly, Maria has returned to her usual self.
text: Calmly, almost flirtatiously, she turns to the guard.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: This woman is my aunt and this
dialog: painting belongs to my family. For
dialog: once, please make an exception to
dialog: your rules...
text: She leans forward and peers at his name-tag.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: ....Franz. Thank-you. You are very
dialog: kind and most understanding.
text: The guard is dumb-struck, speechless.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on Randy. Relax and smile.
text: And they pose for Hubertus who’s enjoyed what he’s just
text: witnessed. As he takes the photograph we see the two women’s
text: faces in close proximity - aunt and niece, past and present --
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA. DAY. 1938.
text: 12th of March, 1938: the Anschluss. Nazi troops marching down
text: the streets of Vienna - and the crowds are jubilant. People
text: are throwing flowers. Maria and Fritz have come to witness it
text: all. They stand behind the crowd, trying to blend in, but
text: find it increasingly difficult. They then run off into a side
text: street off the main thoroughfare and see streams of joyous
text: young people running in the opposite direction to them, and
text: towards the celebrations. Alarmed by all they see, they run.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Quickly, let’s get home! Schnell, lass uns Heimgehen!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Maria, Gustav and Fritz are listening to the wireless, trying
text: to hear the latest news, Therese is looking out of the
text: window. And all around them the suitcases which had already
dialog: been packed.
speaker_heading: FRITZ FRITZ (CONT’D)
dialog: It says they’ve closed the Sie sagen, dass die Grenzen
dialog: borders. geschlossen sind.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: My brother was right. We Mein Bruder hatte Recht. Wir
dialog: should have left already. hatten friiher fliehen sollen.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: Come and see!
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Shaut her!
text: They all run over to where Therese is by the window, and look
text: out. There is a commotion on the street outside: a woman in a
text: fur coat has been forced to her knees by a group of people
text: and made to scrub the pavement. The liquid she is using is
text: obviously caustic - she seems to be in terrible pain when it
text: comes into contact with her skin. It is the same moment that
text: Maria saw in her nightmare on the plane on the way to Vienna.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: It’s Mrs. Klein. The wife of
dialog: the doctor.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: What are they doing? What are
dialog: they doing to her?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: Forcing her to wash the
text: pavements with acid.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: Why? Why are they doing these
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: Why do you think, Therese?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Das ist Die Frau Klein. Die
dialog: Frau vom Doktor.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Was machen sie da? Was haben
dialog: sie mit ihr vor?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Sie zwingen sie, den gehsteig
dialog: mit Saure zu reinigen.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Warum? Warum? Warum machen
dialog: sie das nur?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Warum wohl, Therese?
text: Therese begins to cry. Maria puts her arms around her, trying
text: to comfort her. Gustav has moved away from the window. He
text: sits down on the sofa, almost as if he is in a daze.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Nearly five o’clock, sir.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: It’s Saturday. Fetch me my
dialog: cello Maria.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: What for father?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Wie spat ist es?
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Fast flinf Uhr.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Es ist Samstag. Hol' mir mein
dialog: Cello, Maria.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Wofiir, Vater?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: It’s Saturday and it’s nearly
dialog: five o’clock. Why should this
dialog: Saturday be different from
dialog: any other?
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: Because it is.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: I will not allow them! No. I
dialog: will not. We will continue. I
dialog: will not allow them to touch
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Oh father.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: The cello, Maria.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Es ist Samstag, und es ist
dialog: fast fiinf Uhr. Warum sollte
dialog: dieser Samstag anders sein
dialog: als die anderen?
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Er ist halt anders.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich werde nicht klein
dialog: beigeben! Nein. Das werde ich
dialog: nicht. Wir werden weiter
dialog: machen. Ich werde nicht
dialog: zulassen, dass sie uns ein
dialog: Haar kriimmen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh Vater.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Das cello, Maria.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: And now they are all sitting around Gustav who is playing the
text: cello. And Therese continues to weep quietly. But there is an
dialog: extraordinary dignity to the family in this moment.
scene_heading: EXT. A VIENNA STREET. DAY.
text: Outside the Passport Office make shift tables have been set
text: up to deal with a barrage of people requesting passports.
text: Hundreds of people shouting, pushing, and a general sense of
text: panic. Two officials sit at the table and are being assailed
text: from every direction. Maria and Fritz are at the front and
text: one of the officials is looking at their paper-work. Maria,
text: in crisis, seems to be finding a new strength.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: My husband’s brother is in
dialog: England and my uncle in
dialog: Switzerland. We have places
dialog: to stay in both countries.
dialog: There’s only four of us but
dialog: we need to leave Austria as
dialog: soon as possible!
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: So do all the other Jews.
dialog: What makes you special?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Der Bruder meines Mannes ist
dialog: in England und mein Onkel in
dialog: der Schweiz. Wir haben in
dialog: beiden Landern die
dialog: Modglichkeit unter zu kommen.
dialog: Wir sind nur zu viert und wir
dialog: miissen Osterreich so schnell
dialog: wie méglich verlassen!
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Das trifft auf alle Juden zu.
dialog: Was unterscheidet Sie von dem
dialog: Rest?
dialog: 4l
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA STREET. DAY.
text: A young Jewish boy is being forced by a group of young Nazis
text: to write JUDEN on the wall of his father’s bakery. One of the
text: young Nazis jeers at him.
scene_heading: YOUNG NAZI MAN YOUNG NAZI MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You had it coming to you, Jetzt hast du dein Fett weg,
dialog: Jewish scum! Judenbengel!
text: Maria and Fritz walk past nervously, appalled by what they
text: see. People are rushing to and fro, Vienna is a city in
text: turmoil. And then, as they run down the road they see another
text: man painting JUDEN on a wall. As they pass the corner they
text: see a Jewish family being turfed out of their house.
text: Furniture is being taken out and books and papers thrown out
text: out the window. Maria recoils in horror at what she sees but
text: she and Fritz keep walking, trying to remain unnoticed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: The hatred. My God, the Dieser Hass. Mein Gott,
dialog: hatred. dieser Hass.
speaker_heading: FRITZ FRITZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t look my love, don’t Schau nicht hin, meine Liebe,
dialog: look. schau nicht hin.
scene_heading: INT. BLOCH-BAUER RESIDENCE, STAIRWELL. DAY.
text: Maria and Fritz ascend the stairwell to their apartment.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALLWAY, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: They rush into the house. Therese is waiting in the hallway.
speaker_heading: THERESE THERESE (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank heavens. We were Dem Himmel sei Dank. Wir
dialog: worried. haben uns schon Sorgen
dialog: gemacht.
scene_heading: INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: Maria comes in and finds Gustav under the portrait of Adele.
text: Something in him has died, he looks a lot older than he did
dialog: at her wedding a few days ago.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Why are you sitting all alone Warum sitzt du ganz allein
dialog: here Papa? hier, Papa?
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Your mother and I. We are Deine Mutter und ich. Wir
dialog: older. But you and Fritz sind alter. Aber du und
dialog: must get away. For Therese Fritz, ihr miisst fliehen.
dialog: and me, it’s different. Fur Therese und mich, ist es
dialog: anders.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: We’re not going anywhere Ohne dich gehen wir
dialog: without you Papa. nirgendwohin, Papa.
dialog: Gustav begins to weep and you know it’s the first time Maria
text: has ever watched her father cry. He moves his head away from
text: her as if to hide his grief.
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: The next morning there is loud knocking and barking voices at
text: the door. Maria, Fritz, Gustav and Therese congregate in the
text: hallway - they are still in their dressing gowns.
speaker_heading: THERESE THERESE (CONT’D)
dialog: They’re here! Sie sind da!
speaker_heading: GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Of course they are. Fritz, Natiirlich sind sie da. Fritz,
dialog: open the door. 6ffne die Tiire.
speaker_heading: FRITZ FRITZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes sir. Jawohl mein Herr.
text: He does so and standing on the threshold is the Gestapo agent
text: Felix Landau in civilian clothes and his two lackeys in
text: uniform, Heinrich and Klaus. Without waiting to be asked
text: Landau steps into the house with an air of ownership. He is
text: obsequious and domineering at once.
speaker_heading: LANDAU
dialog: Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: My brother is in Switzerland Mein Bruder ist geschaftlich
dialog: on business. in der Schweiz.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT'D) LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: Is that what it’s called? Ach, so nennt man das?
text: He starts to move into the main living areas as if the house
dialog: is his own.
text: Landau moves around the house, taking it all in.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT'D)
dialog: Your brother is guilty of tax
dialog: evasion amounting to one
dialog: million reichsmark,
dialog: perpetrated by his sugar
dialog: company. His assets have been
dialog: frozen and until the full
dialog: amount is paid the
dialog: Oberschiitze here will be
dialog: staying with you - from now
dialog: on you are all under house
dialog: arrest.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: My uncle is an honest man and
dialog: a law-abiding citizen.
text: Landau continues to move around
dialog: attention to the art work.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT'D)
dialog: You are a family who
dialog: appreciate the power of art.
text: He stops by a Holbein painting.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT'D)
dialog: Holbein. Impressive.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT'D)
dialog: Ihr Bruder hat sich mit
dialog: seiner Zuckerfirma der
dialog: Steuerhinterziehung in Hdéhe
dialog: von einer Million Reichsmark
dialog: schuldig gemacht. Seine
dialog: Konten wurden gesperrt. Bis
dialog: der volle Betrag bezahlt ist,
dialog: wird der Oberschiitze hier bei
dialog: ihnen bleiben - sie stehen
dialog: ab sofort unter Hausarrest!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Mein Onkel ist ehrlich und
dialog: gesetzestreu.
dialog: the house paying particular
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: Sie sind eine Familie, welche
dialog: die Kunst schatzt.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: Holbein. Beeindruckend.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Gustav stoically places two sliver candlesticks onto the
text: dining table. It joins a collection of precious objects which
dialog: have been gathered together and
dialog: jewelry, porcelain and objets d’
text: wall, Gustav’s cello. Landau is
text: spread out on the table -
text: art. And leaning against a
text: standing over the loot and
text: going through all of the objects, calling them out to
text: Heinrich who is making a list of them. The Bloch-Bauers all
text: stand around the room helplessly.
speaker_heading: LANDAU
text: Two gold earring embedded
dialog: with precious stones. A
dialog: ladies Patek Phillipe wrist-
dialog: watch.
dialog: And the next item he
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: Zwei Gold-Ohrringe mit
dialog: gefassten Edelsteinen. Eine
dialog: Patek Phillipe Damen
dialog: Armbanduhr.
dialog: icks up is Adele’s necklace,
dialog: Ferdinand’s wedding gift to Maria.
speaker_heading: LANDAU
text: A diamond and pearl necklace.
speaker_heading: LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: Ein Diamant-und Perlenkette.
text: Maria is devastated. She is about to protest but Fritz puts
text: his arm on hers and stops her. Landau walks up to Gustav’s
text: cello and picks it up, examines it closely.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: LANDAU LANDAU (CONT’D)
dialog: And a cello. Stradivarius of Und ein cello. Stradivari
dialog: course. Nothing but the best. natiirlich. Nur das Beste.
text: And Gustav closes his eyes, distraught. Therese can’t bear
text: it; she steps forward.
speaker_heading: THERESE THERESE (CONT’D)
dialog: No, please! It is his source Nein, bitte! Es ist
dialog: of joy. Please! seine Lebensfreude.
dialog: Bitte!
text: But her words fall on deaf ears.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BELVEDERE GALLERY. DAY. 1998
text: On a beautiful morning, Randy and Maria make their way to the
text: Belvedere to meet Hubertus’ mole and search the archives.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I really think I could have done
dialog: this on my own Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I wasn't going to miss the fun
dialog: part. It’s like a James Bond film
dialog: and you are Sean Connery.
text: And as they approach the main entrance, they are met by ANNA,
text: a chic young woman who works behind the scenes at the
dialog: Belvedere.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Hello, I’m Anna. It’s an honour to
dialog: meet you.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE BUNKER - DAY.
text: Anna guides Randy and Maria into the area behind the scenes,
text: passing through a security barrier with a special ID. They
text: pass many works of art which are in temporary storage.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Technically what we’re doing is not
dialog: illegal, I can authorise it. But
dialog: still your discretion will be
dialog: appreciated, I like my job, I want
dialog: to keep it.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Discretion assured.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We'd never want to get a nice woman
dialog: like you into trouble, would we
dialog: Randy?
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: Everything from the museum records
dialog: prior to 1972 is held in the same
dialog: room. But I have to warn you - none
dialog: of it has been computerised yet.
text: She opens a door which leads to a vast room of archives.
scene_heading: INT. BELVEDERE ARCHIVE ROOM. DAY.
text: Standing in the doorway, Randy, Maria and Anna look at the
text: room - hundreds of cabinets which contain thousands of files.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: I think you’re going to have a busy
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Roll up your sleeves, Randy.
scene_heading: INT. BELVEDERE ARCHIVE ROOM. DAY.
text: A montage of Randy and Maria over the whole day as they
text: rummage through thousands of files and documents. The clock
text: on the wall indicates the passing hours.
scene_heading: INT. BELVEDERE ARCHIVE ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Just before midnight Randy finds the file he’s looking for.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Eureka.
text: He opens it- and sees pages and pages of documents from the
text: 1930s and 40s. He throws it to Maria. She looks down at it -
text: in big bold letters on the front of the file it has a name:
text: BLOCH-BAUER. She looks up at Randy, moved and excited.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: This is it!
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
text: The next morning Hubertus is holding photocopies of all the
text: documents. Maria and Randy are with him in his beautiful
text: large study of his flat on the top floor of a Vienna palais -
text: the house of an intellectual, cultured man.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Congratulations. Quite a treasure
dialog: trove of information.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Hubertus and I were up all night
dialog: doing some homework.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m happy to see you're getting on
dialog: so well.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And now we can start putting
dialog: together a picture of all that
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Maria, you are the living link to
dialog: the past.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Hanging on with my finger-nails!
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Tell us what you know.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My aunt Adele died in 1925.
scene_heading: INT. ADELE’S BEDROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 1925
text: Adele is dead, laid out in her bed with a weeping Ferdinand
text: by her side.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Meningitis. She was only forty
dialog: three years old. My uncle was
text: devastated. He said that a large
text: part of him died with her.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Was there ever talk of a will?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I remember my uncle mentioning that
dialog: she’d written one.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: She had. In 1923, two years before
dialog: her death.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: And now, thanks to your brilliant
dialog: detective work..
text: Hubertus picks out of the photocopies a copy of the will,
text: shows it to Maria: Adele’s signature stands out.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Her signature, mein Gott.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: I’ll translate as accurately as I
dialog: can. This is the part which
dialog: interests us.
text: He starts to translate a part of the will to them.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: “IT kindly ask my husband to
dialog: bequeath...”
scene_heading: INT. STUDY, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 1923
text: In Gustav's study, with Gustav standing by her side, Adele
dialog: writes her will.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: “,.my portrait and the other Klimt
dialog: paintings after his death to the
dialog: Belvedere Gallery in Vienna...”
text: And we watch her signing it: Adele Bloch-Bauer.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Adele Bloch-Bauer.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So she did leave them to the
dialog: gallery after all. Dear me, we’ve
dialog: come all this way for nothing. Is
dialog: this what’s known as an anti-climax
dialog: Randy?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: One step at a time. You’re right
dialog: Maria, she does in fact request for
dialog: the paintings to go to the
dialog: Belvedere but the request has a
dialog: very specific condition attached to
dialog: it.
text: And he picks up the will again, reads a phrase from it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: “Nach seinem Tode”.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: ‘After his death.’
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: She specifically asks for the
dialog: painting to be given to the
dialog: Belvedere after Ferdinand’s death.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Let’s tell the story
dialog: chronologically. Maria, do you have
dialog: any idea of what happened to your
dialog: family’s property after you got
dialog: away?
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Not at all. Unlike Lot’s wife, I
dialog: never looked back.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: But maybe now it’s time to know.
dialog: Randy, why don’t you tell us about
dialog: the home-work you've been doing.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I don’t care if it’s ten o’clock in
dialog: the morning. Pour me a stiff drink.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. 1939
text: The space is full of the cream of the Nazi hierarchy and
text: various art curators - all of them walking around the house,
text: admiring the art, making notes, cutting deals.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: After you escaped Austria Maria,
dialog: your house became the scene of what
dialog: can only be described as one of the
dialog: great Viennese auctions of the day.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Your family’s belongings ended up
dialog: in the hands of the most powerful
dialog: criminals of the Nazi elite.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
dialog: This news is affecting Maria, every new piece of information
text: like a stab in the heart.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: All our personal things...
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Handed over to whoever took a shine
dialog: to them. And they had a word for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Aryanisation.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE - DAY.
text: Two men in Nazi uniform are carrying a painting out of the
text: house and loading it into the back of a small truck. The
text: painting is not visible, covered in cloth.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Did you know for instance that one
dialog: of your uncle’s favourite
text: paintings, a Waldmuller portrait of
dialog: Count Esterhazy as a boy..
dialog: 49
scene_heading: INT. THE LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: And Maria as a small child is going through her uncle’s stamp
text: collection, with Ferdinand by her side. They are sitting on
text: the sofa and on the wall above them hangs the Waldmuller.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I remember it, it was in the living-
dialog: room. One of his favourite
dialog: paintings..
scene_heading: INT. BERGHOF. DAY.
text: And the painting is unveiled in a room near a window through
text: which we catch a glimpse of snow-capped mountains.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: .-ended up decorating the walls of
dialog: no less a place than the Berghof,
dialog: Hitler's private residence in the
dialog: Bavarian Alps.
text: And we see the back of a man whom we suspect is Hitler
text: admiring the new acquisition.
scene_heading: INT. VIENNA STATE OPERA. NIGHT.
text: A glittering audience populated by Nazis and their female
text: companions fill the Opera House during a performance of a
text: Wagner opera. On stage, a tenor sings an aria. And in the
text: audience, on one of the balconies, HERMAN GOERING sits next
text: to his young wife EMMY who is wearing Adele’s necklace and
text: glows with the knowledge that all admiring eyes are on her.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Or that your Aunt’s necklace, the
text: same one she wears in the Klimt
text: portrait, came to adorn the neck of
dialog: Emmy Goering, Herman Goering’s
text: young wife.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
text: Maria’s devastation grows as she hears of the fate of her
text: family’s most treasured possessions. She takes a swig of the
text: bourbon that Hubertus has poured for her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I almost wish you hadn’t told me
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: None of the proceeds of this sale
dialog: of course trickled through to your
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Not a shilling.
dialog: 50
scene_heading: INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: A man sits in the Adele room, looking up at the portrait in
text: admiration as he smokes a cigar: BRUNO GRIMSHITZ.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: The Nazis themselves were not that
dialog: keen on the Klimts - they were,
dialog: after all, a little too degenerate
dialog: for their taste. But the paintings
text: caught the eye of someone with a
dialog: more prescient and refined
dialog: appreciation of art: Bruno
dialog: Grimshitz, the Director of the
dialog: Belvedere Gallery.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Grimshitz. An appropriately named
dialog: character.
scene_heading: INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT.
text: And now we watch the portrait of Adele being taken off the
text: wall in Elizabethstrasse by two men in Nazi uniform with
text: Grimshitz supervising.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: The paintings were taken off the
dialog: walls of your family home and
dialog: carefully transported to what
dialog: became their final resting place.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY
text: And we watch the portrait of Adele being hung carefully in
text: the Gallery as Grimshitz looks on.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Grimshitz knew a masterpiece when
dialog: he saw it.
text: And then, out of nowhere, a constantly changing parade of
dialog: museum visitors through the post-war decades from 1946 to the
text: present pass by the painting, many pausing to admire it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Of course, certain facts had to be
dialog: altered. Like your Aunt’s name for
dialog: instance. And her Jewish provenance
dialog: of course. For a short while after
dialog: the war she became simply known
dialog: as..
text: And a visitor leans in to observe the name of the painting
text: written on a plaque: WOMAN IN GOLD.
dialog: 51
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Woman in Gold.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Even her identity was stolen from
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: It was not enough to rob your
dialog: family and try to destroy it. You
dialog: had to be eradicated from history.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We were Jewish, after all.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: So the paintings reached the
dialog: Belvedere...
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: In 1941. Your uncle, if I’m not
dialog: mistaken Maria died..
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: At the end of the war, in forty-
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: A whole four years later.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: So contrary to the request in
dialog: Adele’s will they were there well
dialog: before his death.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: He died in that hotel in Zurich
text: alone, having lost everything.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: And if I’m not mistaken, he wrote
dialog: his own will before he died..
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: He did, yes.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM, ZURICH. DAY.
text: Ferdinand writes a will in his hotel bedroom and we see the
text: two names of his nieces as he pens them: Luise, Maria.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Leaving his entire fortune, or at
dialog: least the shreds that were left of
dialog: it, to you and your sister, his
dialog: only living heirs.
dialog: 52
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM, ZURICH. NIGHT.
text: Ferdinand sits on the edge of his bed, staring into the past,
text: alone, approaching the end of his life.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: It was one of the last things he
dialog: did before he died a few days
dialog: later.
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: After the war your sister appointed
dialog: the lawyer Johann Rinesch to see
dialog: what he could do. An honest man I
text: think, but slightly ineffectual.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: That’s a kind understatement.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: He started making inquiries about
dialog: the will but didn’t get very far.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Eventually, the Belvedere persuaded
dialog: him to sign the export permits as
dialog: guarantee that you’d never go after
dialog: the Klimts.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: And from that point on, either
dialog: through oversight or intent, the
dialog: manner in which the paintings got
dialog: to the Belvedere in the first place
dialog: was concealed.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So for decades the truth was
text: obscured.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Until now.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: But even if all this happened, the
dialog: simple fact is that Adele’s will
dialog: does ask for them to go there. So
dialog: we haven’t really got a case.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: We've kept the best for last. Randy
dialog: why don’t you show Maria our trump
dialog: card?
text: And Randy triumphantly brings out an official looking
dialog: document form the Bloch-Bauer file.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What’s this?
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: A declaration by your father that
dialog: Ferdinand paid for the paintings.
dialog: He was the rightful owner, not
dialog: Adele.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: The paintings weren’t hers to give
dialog: away.
text: And the magnitude of what they reveal suddenly dawns on her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The will is invalid.
speaker_heading: RANDY
text: Technically, it’s not even a will.
dialog: It’s not legally binding. It’s a
dialog: wish, that’s all.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Adele’s wish.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: So now we need to get all this to
dialog: Rudolf Wran, the head of the
dialog: restitution committee.
text: Randy punches the air, starts moving around the room, he
text: can’t control his excitement.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Yes! And then your aunt is coming
dialog: home with us, Maria!
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Randy, wait, take a deep breath,
dialog: sit down, listen.
text: Randy does as he’s told, he sits.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: She is the Mona Lisa of Austria
dialog: Randy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I don’t care if she’s Botticelli’s
dialog: fucking Venus! They haven’t got a
dialog: leg to stand on.
text: Maria and Hubertus look at each other.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: That’s what happens when he gets
text: excited. He starts expanding his
dialog: vocabulary.
scene_heading: INT. THE RESTITUTION COMMITTEE OFFICES. DAY.
text: Randy and Maria are trying to arrange a meeting with RUDOLF
dialog: WRAN, the chairman of the Restitution Committee but are not
text: having much luck with his receptionist.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The thing is I’ve already left him
dialog: four messages this morning.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mr. Wran is very busy you
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We realise that but it’s essential
dialog: that we speak to him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Why don’t you leave him a message?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My dear girl, we’re going around in
dialog: circles.
text: Suddenly, at the far end of the room two men walk out of
text: Wran’s office and start to make their way to the main
text: entrance of the building. Maria spots them.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that him Randy?
text: Randy looks and starts to move towards him with speed, Maria
text: in tow. The secretary shouts after them.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I think it’s best if you leave a
dialog: message.
text: Randy and Maria catch up with Wran who is now alone - the
text: other man has left the building. Randy is out of breath.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Mr. Wran? Rudolf Wran?
text: Wran looks apprehensive.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Randy Schoenberg. And this is my
dialog: client, Mrs. Altmann.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: Of course. I am so sorry I haven't
dialog: had a moment to reply to your
dialog: calls.
text: Maria decides to play her flattering card.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Please don’t apologise, important
dialog: men like yourself must be very
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: There’s quite a bit of new
dialog: information the restitution
dialog: committee needs to be aware of
dialog: before it comes to any sort of
dialog: decision about the Bloch-Bauer
dialog: case.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: Is there indeed?
text: Randy gives Wran the folder.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s all in there. I’ve made some
text: observations in the margins.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: You've been busy during your stay
dialog: in Vienna I see.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We didn’t come here to eat cakes.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: Mr. Schoenberg, I heard you are the
dialog: composer’s grandson. Do you know
dialog: what a fan I am of his work?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Glad to hear it.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I can tell you have very refined
dialog: taste, Mr. Wran.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: The genius of the twelve tone
dialog: compositional system should not be
dialog: underestimated.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I couldn’t agree more.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: Thank you for your efforts. But we
dialog: have all the information we need.
text: He places the file back in Randy’s hands.
speaker_heading: WRAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now if you’ll excuse me, there is
dialog: work to be done.
text: Wran is off and Randy is left holding the file.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: At least he’s a fan of my
text: grandfather's music.
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: That fills me with confidence.
scene_heading: EXT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DAY
text: In the morning sunlight Randy and Maria approach the Academy.
text: On a big sign outside it reads: ART RESTITUTION CONFERENCE,
dialog: 1998.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: So weird to think that Hitler once
dialog: applied to be an art student here.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I wish they’d accepted him. Who
dialog: cares if he wasn’t a Picasso? It
dialog: would have been a lot better if he
dialog: had spent his life doing tacky
dialog: paintings.
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS, VIENNA. DAY.
text: The main room is full of descendants of families who had
text: their art looted by the Nazis and also by members of the
text: government and media. The room is buzzing. Before the
text: speakers commence, all the invited guests are having coffees.
text: Maria, Randy and Hubertus are standing in the middle of the
text: throng. Maria looking resplendent in a pink suit.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: They're all here. The woman just
text: coming in the door..
text: We see ELIZABETH GEHRER being welcomed into the room.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Elizabeth Gehrer. Minister of
dialog: Culture.
text: And we see Rudolf Wran greeting her with an embrace.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: With your new friend Rudolf Wran of
dialog: the restitution committee.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Our music lover.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Quite a turn-out. They’re putting
dialog: on a very good show.
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DAY
text: Everyone is seated and there’s a procession of speakers at
text: the podium and we hear snippets of their speeches. The first
text: speaker is Elizabeth Gehrer. The whole event is being filmed
dialog: for TV.
speaker_heading: GEHRER
dialog: Welcome to the Restitution
dialog: Conference. This is a first step in
dialog: beginning to make reparation
dialog: towards those whose art was
text: unlawfully taken away from them.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DAY
text: And now we watch a montage of elderly refugees and Holocaust
text: survivors giving their testimonies on the art that was stolen
text: from their families. Firstly, a woman of Maria’s age, who
dialog: speaks in German:
scene_heading: ELDERLY REFUGEE LADY ELDERLY REFUGEE LADY (CONT’D)
dialog: The beautiful mountain Die schéne Berglandschaft
text: landscape hung in the main hing im Wohnzimmer unseres
dialog: room of our house. It was the Hauses. Es war das Erste, was
dialog: first thing you saw when you man gesehen hat, wenn man das
text: opened the front door. Haus betrat.
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DAY
text: We watch Maria’s reaction to these speeches and how they
text: resonate with her. And now, an elderly man with a strong
text: German accent is speaking from the podium.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I will never forget the day that
dialog: they stormed into our house and
dialog: took our paintings off the walls.
dialog: We sat there, not being able to say
dialog: anything, to do anything.
scene_heading: INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DAY
text: It’s Maria’s turn : she is on the podium and speaking with
text: quiet confidence - but it is not easy, her voice trembles
text: slightly with emotion.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: When people see the portrait of my
dialog: aunt, they see a masterpiece by one
dialog: of Austria’s finest artists. When I
dialog: see it, I see a woman who talked to
dialog: me about philosophy while I brushed
dialog: her hair and who told me off for
dialog: biting my nails.
text: There is a ripple of laughter from the audience at this very
dialog: particular memory.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: A woman who, had she not died
dialog: young, would have had to escape
dialog: Austria or die in a camp because
dialog: she was Jewish. You see,
dialog: restitution is an interesting word.
dialog: Of course it means compensation,
dialog: but it means something else as
dialog: well. I looked it up in the
dialog: dictionary.
text: There is some laughter from the audience as she puts on her
text: glasses and reads from a small piece of paper.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Restitution: the return of
text: something to its original state.’
text: She puts down the paper, looks at her audience.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know I can’t be a little girl
dialog: again but, like so many of my
dialog: generation, who were forced to flee
dialog: from this city, I would like to
dialog: return to my original state. I
dialog: would like to be re-united with my
dialog: family.
text: As she speaks these words, quietly and with dignity, she
text: can’t help the emotion leaking through. And we watch how her
dialog: words affect Randy.
scene_heading: EXT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DUSK.
text: The conference is over and people are leaving through the
text: main doors into the cold Vienna evening. Randy and Maria are
text: on the steps of the building. As Maria is putting on her
text: coat, they are approached by BERNARD KOHLER, a high-ranking
text: employee of the Belvedere. He hands her his card; she looks
text: at it. Randy is immediately suspicious.
speaker_heading: KOHLER
dialog: Mrs. Altmann. Bernard Kohler, I
dialog: work at the Belvedere Gallery.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: How can I help you, Mr. Kohler?
speaker_heading: KOHLER
dialog: If the decision of the committee is
dialog: in your favour, take the three
dialog: landscapes. But we implore you, not
dialog: the portraits.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You have grown attached to them.
speaker_heading: KOHLER
dialog: We can not imagine Austria without
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Once the past has been put to
dialog: right, I would be open to reaching
dialog: an arrangement with you.
speaker_heading: KOHLER
dialog: I am delighted to hear it. After
dialog: all, we are all victims of history,
dialog: Mrs. Altmann.
text: Randy is incredulous at what he’s hearing.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria, can I speak to you for a
dialog: minute?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a
dialog: feeling that my lawyer is getting a
text: trifle nervous.
speaker_heading: KOHLER
dialog: My phone number is on the card.
dialog: Please feel free to call me so we
text: can resume the conversation.
text: Kohler smiles, gives a little bow, and walks away. Randy is
text: fuming.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I think we should be careful what
dialog: we say, Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What you mean is you think I should
dialog: be careful what I say.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Just now, you called me your
dialog: lawyer. People tend to take advice
dialog: from their lawyers.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: When they ask for it. Now, if
dialog: you’ve finished lecturing me, I
dialog: think I’m going to walk back to
dialog: the hotel.
text: And she walks off. Randy watches her go, shakes his head,
text: irritated. The tensions of the visit are getting to them
text: both. Hubertus approaches him, holding his phone. He has
text: just received a text message. He shows it to Randy.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Bad news: they’ve postponed the
dialog: announcement of the verdict till
dialog: Wednesday.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Perfect. Two days after I’m
dialog: expected back at work. That’s just
dialog: perfect.
text: (NB — RANDY'S LINE IS COPIED HERE AND BELOW, SO THAT THE
scene_heading: BELOW SCENE CAN BE ADDED WITHOUT CREATING EXTRA PAGES)
scene_heading: EXT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DUSK
text: Annoyed by her small altercation with Randy, Maria starts to
text: make her way down the steps of the Academy. But halfway down
text: the steps, an elderly aristocratic Austrian man, who is
text: putting his jacket on, talks to her, casually throwing his
text: words over his shoulder, not looking at her in the eyes.
dialog: 60
scene_heading: ELDERLY AUSTRIAN MAN
dialog: A powerful speech you gave. But
dialog: when will you let the past be the
dialog: past? You people never give up, do
dialog: you? Not everything is about the
dialog: Holocaust.
text: She reels at this sudden, unexpected burst of anti-Semitism.
text: For a second she looks as if she might reply. But then she
text: decides that this man does not merit an answer. She moves on,
text: down the steps, and towards the road, her dignity intact.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Perfect. Two days after I’m
dialog: expected back at work. That’s just
dialog: perfect.
scene_heading: EXT. PHARMACY, VIENNA STREET. NIGHT.
text: Maria is walking through the back-streets of the old town
text: when she suddenly sees a place she recognises - an old
text: pharmacy that doesn’t look as if it’s changed in a hundred
text: years. She stops, looks through the window. She lifts her
text: hand and touches it, as if convincing herself that she’s not
text: imagining it. And then, memories come flooding back --
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. 1938.
text: Fritz is on the telephone. Maria is standing by his side. He
text: places down the receiver and turns to her. They speak in
text: hurried whispers because they know that Heinrich the guard,
text: is in the next room.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: My brother has booked the
dialog: last two tickets on a flight
dialog: to Cologne. We don’t need
dialog: passports.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: And then what?
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: From Cologne we make our way
dialog: to the German-Dutch border.
dialog: There’s a contact - a farmer.
dialog: He’s been paid to smuggle us
dialog: across.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: When is the flight to
dialog: Cologne?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Eight o’clock this evening.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Mein Bruder hat die letzten
dialog: zwei Flugscheine nach Kéln
dialog: gebucht. Wir brauchen keine
dialog: Passe.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Und was dann?
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Von Kéln aus versuchen wir
dialog: zur deutsch-hollandischen
dialog: Grenze zu kommen. Dort gibt’s
dialog: einen Kontakt - einen Bauern.
dialog: Er ist bezahlt, uns hiniiber
dialog: zu schmuggeln.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Und wann geht der Flug nach
dialog: K61n?
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Um acht heute Abend.
text: Maria comes up closer, whispers.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: I can’t leave my parents.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: It’s our last chance, Maria.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich kann meine Eltern nicht
dialog: im Stich lassen.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Es ist unsere letzte Chance,
dialog: Maria.
text: And she knows he’s right; they’ve run out of options.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: But someone has to collect
dialog: the tickets for us and take
dialog: us to the airport.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: A friend of my father’s owes
dialog: him a favour.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: He will never let us out of
dialog: his sight.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: I have an idea. But first, I
dialog: have to say goodbye to them.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Aber jemand muss die
dialog: Flugscheine fiir uns abholen
dialog: und uns zum Fughafen bringen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ein Freund von meinem Vater
dialog: schuldet ihm einen Gefallen.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Er wird uns nie aus den Augen
dialog: lassen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich habe eine Idee. Aber
dialog: zuerst muss ich ihnen auf
dialog: Wiedersehen sagen.
scene_heading: INT. GUSTAV AND THERESE’S BEDROOM. DAY.
text: That afternoon, Gustav is in bed, coughing. He looks very
text: ill, as if his health is deteriorating rapidly. Therese is
text: sitting by him, reading. The door creaks open and Maria
text: sticks her head in.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Mother..father.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Mutter...Vater.
text: They look up at her and smile weakly.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: Come here, my darling. Come
dialog: and sit with us for a while.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: The time has come, hasn’t it?
text: And Maria has no answer.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Komm her, meine Schatz. Komm
dialog: und setz dich einen Moment zu
dialog: uns.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Es ist Zeit Abschied zu
dialog: nehmen, stimmt’s?
dialog: 62
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Maria is putting on her coat and gloves with determination
text: oozing out of every pore - she is giving the performance of
text: her life. Fritz stands by Maria’s side but lets her do the
text: talking. Heinrich is looking resistant.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: You know as well as I do that
dialog: they won’t let my father into
dialog: the hospitals because he has
dialog: committed the crime of being
dialog: Jewish. So the least you can
dialog: do is let us go and get him
dialog: some medication from the
dialog: pharmacy.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH
dialog: And why do both of you need
dialog: to go?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Sie wissengenau so gut wie
dialog: ich, dass sie meinem Vater
dialog: nicht erlauben, ins spital zu
dialog: gehen, weil er das Verbrechen
dialog: begangen hat, Jude zu sein.
dialog: Wir kénnen nur zur Apotheke
dialog: gehen und ihm Medikamente
dialog: holen.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH (CONT’D)
dialog: Und warum miissen Sie beide
dialog: gehen?
text: And now Maria turns with real stridency to Heinrich, she is
dialog: becoming a force to be reckoned with.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Oh for God’s sake, if you’re
dialog: that worried we’re going to
dialog: run away why don’t you come
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ach. Um Himmels Willen, wenn
dialog: Sie so besorgt sind, dass wir
dialog: weglaufen, warum kommen Sie
dialog: nicht mit?
text: Heinrich resigns grudgingly, picks up his coat.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH
dialog: I take you there but we come
text: straight back.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: That’s a shame. I was hoping
dialog: we could all go to the
dialog: cinema.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich bringe Sie hin, aber wir
dialog: kommen sofort zurtick.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Schade. Ich hatte gehofft
dialog: wir gehen alle zusammen ins
dialog: Kino .
text: And she throws Fritz a look: this is it.
scene_heading: EXT. PHARMACY, VIENNA STREET. DUSK.
text: It is dusk as Maria, Fritz and Heinrich arrive at the
text: pharmacy on a quiet side street. It is the same pharmacy that
text: Maria comes across as an older woman. As they approach,
text: Heinrich takes out a pack of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH
dialog: I’m going to smoke a
dialog: cigarette. Don’t be longer
text: than a minute.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Ich rauche eine Zigarette.
dialog: Sie haben eine Minute.
dialog: 63
text: The relief is evident on Maria’s face. Everything is going
dialog: according to plan.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: One minute, that’s all. Eine Minute. Das reicht.
text: And Maria and Fritz walk in.
scene_heading: INT. THE PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: Through the window we can see Heinrich smoking. Maria leads
text: Fritz up to the counter. They are both nervous and the
text: PHARMACIST, a hawk-like man picks up on it. He gives them a
text: wary look. Maria clocks the door that leads to the back of
dialog: the pharmacy.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: What can I do for you? Was darf es sein?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: My father has a very high Mein Vater hat sehr hohes
dialog: fever and a cough. We need Fieber und Husten. Wir
dialog: something that will help brauchen etwas, das die
dialog: lower his temperature. Temperatur senkt.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Wait here. Warten Sie hier.
text: He makes his way towards the medicine shelves which stand at
text: the back of the area behind the counter. Maria takes Fritz by
text: the hand and they go to the door that leads to the back of
text: the shop. They open it and dart through it.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR BEHIND PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: Maria and Fritz rush down a small corridor at the rear of the
text: pharmacy towards a door that leads to the back street. They
text: try and open it but it is locked. They both start to panic as
text: they look around for another way out. But there isn’t one.
text: Fritz notices a big bunch of keys hanging on the wall. He
text: grabs them and starts trying different keys in the door,
text: looking for the right one. Maria keeps looking over her
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. THE PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: The pharmacist turns back towards the counter with the
text: medication in hand.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: This should do it. Das sollte helfen.
text: But he sees they’ve gone. He looks around the shop, can’t see
text: them. Then he notices Heinrich, in his uniform, waiting for
text: them outside. He becomes suspicious.
dialog: 64
text: And then he sees the open door that leads to the corridor. He
text: goes through it, like a dog on the scent of something.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR BEHIND PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: The pharmacist walks into the corridor and sees Maria and
text: Fritz trying the different keys in the door.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: I’m feeling faint. I need
dialog: some air. Please open the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: This is a private area. If
dialog: you want air, go out the way
dialog: you came in.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Was machen Sie da?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich fiihle mich schwach. Ich
dialog: brauche etwas Luft. Bitte
dialog: 6ffnen Sie die Tiir.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Dies ist ein privater
dialog: Bereich. Wenn Sie Luft
dialog: brauchen, gehen Sie dahin, wo
dialog: Sie hergekommen sind.
text: Fritz is desperately trying the keys in the door.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Put those keys down! You have
dialog: no business being here!
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Legen Sie diese Schliissel
dialog: hin! Sie haben hier nichts zu
dialog: suchen!
text: Maria knows she can’t keep the act going. She tries to appeal
dialog: to his kindness.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Please! Please let us out. We
dialog: have done nothing wrong.
dialog: Please help us!
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
text: The soldier smoking on the
dialog: street is with you?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: No. Please, quickly, open the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: I saw you arrive together.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
speaker_heading: PLEASE!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Bitte! Bitte lassen Sie uns
dialog: raus. Wir haben nichts
dialog: Unrechtes getan. Bitte helfen
dialog: Sie uns!
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Der Soldat, der auf der
dialog: StraBe raucht, gehért zu
dialog: Ihnen?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Nein. Bitte, 6ffnen Sie die
dialog: Tir, schnell.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Ich habe Sie zusammen
dialog: ankommen sehen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: BITTE!
dialog: 65
text: And then, he figures it out.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Of course, you are Jews. Natiirlich, Sie sind Juden.
text: And he runs back into the shop and starts shouting to
text: Heinrich on the street.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST PHARMACIST (CONT’D)
dialog: They are trying to get away! Die versuchen abzuhauen!
scene_heading: EXT. THE PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: Heinrich hears the pharmacist calling him. He throws his
text: cigarette on the pavement and runs into the pharmacy.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. THE CORRIDOR BEHIND PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: And just as Heinrich comes hurtling into the corridor from
text: the pharmacy, Fritz finds the right key to the door, opens
text: it, takes the key out again. He and Maria go darting out into
text: a courtyard at the rear of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. PHARMACY COURTYARD. DUSK.
text: Fritz and Maria burst through the door just as Heinrich
text: reaches it. They struggle as Heinrich tries to open the door
text: and Fritz to close it. Then, when he manages to slam it shut,
text: Fritz quickly sticks the key in the lock and locks it. We can
text: hear Heinrich pounding on it. Fritz and Maria leap up the
text: steps into the courtyard area where a woman is hanging her
text: laundry. For a second, her eyes meet Maria’s; she could go
text: either way. But she decides to help them. She points to the
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: WOMAN IN COURTYARD WOMAN IN COURTYARD (CONT’D)
dialog: That way! Hier lang!
text: Maria and Fritz run out of the courtyard and into the
dialog: streets.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. THE CORRIDOR BEHIND PHARMACY. DUSK.
text: And in the corridor, Heinrich is cursing and looking for a
text: way out. He sees a fire hydrant, picks it up, smashes it
text: against the door. The door panels break; he sticks his arm
text: through them and unlocks the door from the other side. He
text: opens the door and rushes out in close pursuit, past the
text: woman with her washing and into the street.
dialog: 66
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA BACK STREETS. DUSK.
text: Maria and Fritz are running at break neck speed down the
text: little back streets. They reach a small juncture in the road
text: and for a second, seem lost. Maria grabs Fritz by the arm.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: The Town Hall is this way! Das Rathaus ist hier entlang!
text: And they tear off again down one of the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA BACK STREETS. DUSK.
text: Maria and Fritz are running through a maze of Vienna’s back
text: streets. They suddenly find themselves at what looks like a
text: cul-de-sac and stop in their tracks. But then Maria notices
text: some steps at the end of the road.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Come! There are steps! Komm! Hier sind Stufen!
text: They reach the steps and start running down them but when
text: they are half way down they spot Heinrich at the bottom of
text: the steps looking for them. He doesn’t see them. Quietly,
text: they stop and turn around, start inching their way to the top
dialog: again.
text: But suddenly, two fur-clad, loud women appear at the top of
text: the stairs, mid-conversation and laughing at something. The
text: noise attracts Heinrich’s attention; he looks up and sees
text: Fritz and Maria. They break into a run, pushing by the two
text: women as they tear past the top of the stairs. One of the
text: women nearly falls over and just as she regains her balance
text: Heinrich shoots past her, knocking her over. He chases after
text: Maria and Fritz. Fritz slips on a step and Heinrich grabs
text: hold of his coat. Fritz struggles to get away, shouts at
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: FRITZ FRITZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Go! Go! Lauf! Lauf!
text: For a second she vacillates; then runs off. Fritz is
text: struggling to free himself from Heinrich’s clutches.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS DEPOT. DUSK.
text: Maria is running down the paved back-streets again but now
text: the Town Hall can be seen ahead. As she enters the building
text: complex, she runs under the arches, and starts weaving her
text: way through the columns and through the crowds of people on
text: their evening walks. Suddenly, she finds herself in a gaggle
text: of people who surround an Orthodox Jewish man who is having
text: his ringlets cut off. In horror, she looks on, then looks up
text: again and sees Fritz standing in the crowd. He smiles for a
text: second - they have found each other again - but makes a sign
text: for her to be quiet. He draws her attention to a door behind
text: them and starts to move towards it. But then Heinrich comes
text: running towards the crowd. Fritz grabs Maria by the hand and
text: they push their way through the people and open the door,
text: disappearing into the depot.
dialog: 67
text: But one of the women in the crowd has spotted them, sees
text: Heinrich, gets suspicious, and decides to betray them. She
text: shouts to Heinrich.
scene_heading: WOMAN IN QUEUE WOMAN IN QUEUE (CONT’D)
dialog: Here! They’ve gone in here! Da! Da sind sie hinein!
text: Heinrich is still a couple of hundred feet away but he starts
text: running towards the woman, and the door.
scene_heading: INT. BUS DEPOT. DUSK.
text: Maria and Fritz burst into the bus depot area and find
text: themselves on a balcony above the place where the car is
text: arked in amongst a couple of resting buses. Maria spots it
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s there! Da! Da ist der Wagen!
text: And they tear down the stairs towards it, knowing their
text: escape is just seconds away. Three steps at a time, they leap
text: down the two flights of stairs and throw themselves into the
text: back of the waiting car. The engine roars into action just as
text: Heinrich appears on the balcony above them. He pulls out a
text: gun, takes aim and shoots at the car. The bullet hits the
text: boot but the car escapes through the depot doors and into the
text: night. Heinrich bangs his gun against the railings.
speaker_heading: HEINRICH HEINRICH (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit! Scheifse!
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA AERODROME. DUSK.
text: The car arrives outside the small aerodrome. People
text: everywhere with suitcases but also a large number of Nazi
text: soldiers. Maria and Fritz jump out and through the front
text: window they thank Mr Feldmann, Fritz’s brother's friend.
text: Fritz shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you so much. Vielen Dank.
speaker_heading: MR. FELDMANN MR. FELDMANN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’d do anything for your Ich wiirde alles fiir deine
dialog: family. Good luck. Familie tun. Viel Gliick.
text: And he drives off. Maria and Fritz turn around, take a moment
text: to compose themselves, and enter the aerodrome.
scene_heading: INT. VIENNA AERODROME. DUSK.
text: Fritz and Maria are at the check-in, trying to look as casual
text: as possible. A female employee of the airline is checking
text: them in when they are approached by a Nazi officer.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER NAZI OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your tickets please. Ihre Flugscheine bitte.
dialog: 68
text: Maria hands him their tickets which he scans.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER
dialog: Travelling to Cologne?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Cologne, yes.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER
dialog: You have no luggage?
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Reisen Sie nach K6ln?
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Nach Kéln, ja.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER (CONT'D)
dialog: Haben Sie kein Gepack?
text: Fritz is about to talk but looks as if he might lose it;
text: Maria steps in with great confidence.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: It’s all very unexpected. We
dialog: are going for one night. My
dialog: husband is understudying
dialog: Wotan at the Cologne Opera as
dialog: their Baritone has fallen
dialog: ill. Von Karajan is
dialog: conducting, we’re very
text: excited.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Es ist alles sehr unerwartet.
dialog: Wir bleiben nur fiir eine
dialog: Nacht. Mein Mann springt fiir
dialog: Wotan an der Oper in Kéln
dialog: ein. Der Bariton ist krank.
dialog: Von Karajan dirigiert, wir
dialog: sind sehr gespannt.
text: For a beat it looks as if he won’t buy it. But then it all
text: sounds so far-fetched that he does; he hands back the papers.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NAZI OFFICER (CONT’D)
dialog: Viel Gliick.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Dankeschoén.
text: And he moves on. And then there is an announcement made for
text: the departure of the Cologne flight. And the passengers start
text: to cross the tarmac in order to board the plane.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AERODROME FIELD. DUSK.
text: It’s getting dark now and the passengers form a queue on the
text: tarmac in preparation to board the plane. A stewardess stands
text: at the bottom of the aircraft stairs. Suddenly, one of the
text: pilots emerges from the plane and comes down the steps. He
text: whispers something to the stewardess and she then turns to
dialog: the passengers.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, bad
dialog: news I’m afraid. Due to
dialog: extreme weather conditions
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS (CONT’D)
dialog: Meine Damen und Herren,
dialog: Aufgrund der extremen
dialog: Wetterbedingungen wird sich
dialog: our departure will be delayed
dialog: by half an hour. We apologise
dialog: for the inconvenience.
dialog: unsere Abflug um eine halbe
dialog: Stunde verzdégern. Wir
dialog: entschuldigen uns fiir die
dialog: Unannehmlichkeiten.
dialog: 69
text: Some of the passengers make noises of protestation and
text: annoyance, but Maria and Fritz just look at each other with
dialog: anxiety.
scene_heading: THE. THE AERODROME FIELD. NIGHT.
text: A few minutes have passed and then the pilot gives a sign to
text: the stewardess from the top of the steps. She turns to the
dialog: passengers.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS STEWARDESS (CONT’D)
dialog: We are now ready to start Wir beginnen jetzt mit dem
dialog: boarding. Please have your Einsteigen. Bitte halten sie
dialog: tickets ready for inspection. ihre Flugscheine zur
dialog: Kontrolle bereit.
text: Suddenly, a vehicle approaches, and stops. A YOUNG NAZI
text: OFFICER and a SOLDIER jump out of it and run up to the queue.
text: Maria and Fritz throw each other a nervous look, whilst still
text: trying to act composed. The officer comes to the side of the
text: queue while the soldier bars the passengers from boarding.
scene_heading: YOUNG NAZI OFFICER YOUNG NAZI OFFICER (CONT’D)
dialog: There are passengers who will Es gibt Passagiere, die heute
dialog: not be boarding this flight nicht mitfliegen werden.
dialog: tonight.
text: He looks down at a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: YOUNG OFFICIAL YOUNG OFFICIAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Stephen Neumann and Mr. Herr Stephan Neumann und Herr
dialog: Karl Neumann please, make Karl Neumann, melden sie sich
dialog: yourselves known. bitte.
text: Nobody replies. Then, slowly, two figures step forward: a
text: well-dressed older man, and his teenage son.
scene_heading: YOUNG NAZI OFFICER YOUNG NAZI OFFICER (CONT’D)
dialog: Please follow us, both of Bitte folgen sie uns.
dialog: you.
text: And, defeated, the two men follow them, leaving behind them
text: Mrs. Neumann and her younger son, 9, looking bereft. The
text: boarding now continues. As they climb the steps to board the
text: aircraft, Fritz can hardly suppress his relief. But Maria is
text: looking at the men led away, wondering what their fates will
dialog: be.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AERODROME STRIP. NIGHT.
text: The small plane takes off in the night for its flight from
dialog: Vienna to Cologne.
scene_heading: INT. THE AIRPLANE. NIGHT.
text: Maria looks at Fritz with relief in her eyes. But as she
text: looks out of the window at the fading lights of Vienna below
text: it is replaced with unfathomable sadness as she thinks of
text: leaving her mother and father.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. DAY. 1998.
text: Randy is in the hotel reception area, leaning over the
text: reception counter and talking on the phone to Pam. Maria
text: comes out of the elevator and starts walking towards him.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: I know, it’s just they drag their
dialog: feet a lot so the whole thing took
dialog: longer than I thought it would.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Pam is on the wireless phone, Dora is in a stroller.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What did the office say? Don’t they
dialog: want you back?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. DAY.
text: Randy is still on the phone to Pam and Maria is tugging on
text: his sleeve in an excited state.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come on, hurry up, they’re
text: announcing the decision in an hour.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: They're okay with it, so you
dialog: needn’t worry. How’s Dora?
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Pam tries to keep it light and playful but she’s feeling
dialog: lonely.
speaker_heading: PAM (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Dora's missing her Dad. Dora’s
dialog: decided she’s not a Gustav Klimt
dialog: fan and that Vienna sucks. She’s
dialog: teething and really looking forward
dialog: to just a tiny bit of normality in
dialog: her life. That’s how Dora is. How
dialog: are you?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. DAY.
text: And Maria is tugging on his sleeve again.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We haven’t got all day, hurry up.
text: He turns to her, snaps a little.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria, it’s Pam, it’s my wife. Will
dialog: you please give me a moment?
dialog: 71
text: She’s slightly taken aback by his rather gruff tone. He
text: returns to the phone conversation.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, honey, I need to run, I
dialog: need to run. Love you.
text: He replaces the receiver, knows that Pam is not happy.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. That went well.
text: He’s feeling the pressure and the tensions are slowly rising.
text: But Maria is still at his elbow, handing him a scarf.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And put your scarf on. I don’t want
dialog: you to catch pneumonia.
scene_heading: INT. RUDOLF WRAN’S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Rudolf Wran, Elizabeth Gehrer, GOTTFRIED TOMAN and a YOUNG
text: WOMAN who takes notes throughout the meeting are in the room.
text: Toman is bald, elegant, with an immaculate beard and sharp,
text: intelligent eyes. They are all on edge but cordial as they
text: greet Maria and Randy. Randy has trouble hiding his nerves.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: And this is Minister Gehrer.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: GEHRER
dialog: Dr. Toman here is our principal
dialog: attorney on this very complicated
dialog: case. He has a wide and profound
dialog: knowledge of both history and the
dialog: law.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: That’s reassuring.
speaker_heading: GEHRER
dialog: Please, sit.
text: They all take their seats and the tension is palpable. Wran
text: opens up a folder.
speaker_heading: WRAN
dialog: Some cases are more complicated
dialog: than others. But after much
dialog: deliberation, we regret to inform
dialog: you, Mrs. Altmann, that the
dialog: committee has decided that the five
dialog: Klimt paintings hanging in the
dialog: Belvedere will remain there.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Please tell me this is a joke.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They are not joking, Randy.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Your Aunt’s will should be obeyed.
text: Randy picks up his brief-case, starts to rummage through some
dialog: files and papers he has in there.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: But that’s the point..it’s not even
dialog: a will. The paintings weren’t hers
dialog: to give away...here, where is it..
text: A folder falls from his case, scattering a whole lot of
text: papers on the floor. He kneels down and starts to pick them
text: up, talking as he does so.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: We have proof that the paintings
dialog: were Ferdinand’s property, not his
dialog: wife’s, which makes her will
dialog: invalid.
text: He looks up and sees them all staring down at him. Toman has
text: picked up one piece of paper which he hands to him.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: I think this is the one you are
dialog: looking for.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And that’s ignoring the fact that
text: there was a deliberate cover-up to
dialog: conceal the manner in which the
dialog: paintings ended up in the Gallery.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I don’t think they are interested
dialog: in facts, Randy.
text: Randy sits back in his chair, in shock. Toman takes the
dialog: opportunity to state his argument.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Your Aunt’s request needs to be
dialog: respected, Mrs. Altmann.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s not a legally binding will!
text: Maria tries a different tact. She speaks quietly, with great
text: emotion restrained by dignity.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: When my aunt wrote those words
dialog: Austria was not the same country.
dialog: It was not imprisoning and killing
dialog: her friends, her people.
speaker_heading: GEHRER
dialog: Our decision is non-negotiable. If
dialog: you don’t agree with it, your only
dialog: option is to pursue the case in
dialog: court.
text: A pause. And then Maria stands up.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come on Randy, let’s go.
text: She makes her way to the door, turns around. Looks straight
text: at Toman, speaks with a quiet ferocity in her voice.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You speak of my aunt, Dr. Toman, as
dialog: if you knew her. You did not know
dialog: her. And I can tell you now that
dialog: what you have decided today would
dialog: make her ashamed to call herself an
dialog: Austrian. And it should make you
text: ashamed, as well.
text: And she opens the door and goes. An on the faces of the
dialog: Austrians we know that her words have touched a chord.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA STREET. DAY.
text: Later that afternoon, Maria and Randy are walking back to
text: their hotel with Hubertus, trying to come up with another
dialog: solution.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: It’s not America. In order to
dialog: pursue the case in Austria the
dialog: government demands a deposit
dialog: against the cost of $1.8 million
dialog: dollars. And that’s for starters.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: One point eight million?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Based on a portion of the estimated
dialog: value of the paintings.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: On the one hand they’re saying
dialog: ‘take us to court’, on another it’s
dialog: financially impossible for us to do
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Your hands are tied behind your
dialog: back, correct.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What about some sort of
dialog: arbitration? Here, in Vienna.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: Nobody here will decide to give you
dialog: back the paintings, Randy. It would
dialog: be a waste of time and money.
text: It’s a dead end and they all know it.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Hubertus, thank you so much for all
dialog: your effort.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: But no more day-dreams. Come Randy,
dialog: we have some packing to do.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Maria is at the window of her room, the TV on silent in the
text: background. She is looking out over the Vienna roof-tops. Her
text: suit-case is open on the bed. Suddenly, it looks like she
dialog: might break down - all the tensions and frustrations of the
text: return to Vienna have taken their toll. There’s a knock at
text: the door. She pulls herself together and opens it; it’s
dialog: Randy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Just checking on you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come in. Sit down.
text: He does as he’s told, sits on the edge of her bed as she
text: continues packing.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m exhausted. That’s what happens
dialog: when you have to deal with a lot of
dialog: grim shits.
text: They laugh together. Then she starts to pack.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: They will never admit what they
dialog: did. Because if they admit to one
dialog: thing, then they have to admit to
dialog: it all.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Admit to what?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They were never victims. Most of
dialog: them threw flowers and opened their
dialog: arms to greet the Nazis. That’s the
dialog: simple truth.
text: Suddenly, Randy spots Elizabeth Gehrer on the CNN news. He
text: grabs the remote control and turns on the volume.
speaker_heading: GEHRER
dialog: It is with great pleasure that I
dialog: announce that Adele will be
dialog: remaining in Austria. This is a
dialog: victory for the Belvedere Gallery
dialog: and a victory for the Austrian
dialog: people.
text: Randy picks up a pair of socks he finds on the bed and throws
text: them at the TV in rage. Maria picks up the remote and
text: switches it off.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Enough. Tomorrow, we go home. And
dialog: on the way to the airport, we pay
dialog: our respects. That way, we will not
dialog: have come here in vain.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL, VIENNA. DAY.
text: And in the soft morning light, Maria and Randy visit the
text: Rachel Whiteread Holocaust memorial in Judenplatz. Randy is
text: running his fingers across the engraving of the word
dialog: Treblinka.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The place my great-grandparents
dialog: were murdered.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I remember them well. They lived in
text: a house with a cherry blossom in
dialog: the garden. She always gave me
dialog: sweets when I visited. And she had
dialog: the most beautiful eyes.
speaker_heading: RANDY
text: Like an owl.
text: She is surprised that he remembers how she describes them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Your mother reminds me of her.
text: And once again he runs his fingers over the engraved word.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And then they were taken away in
text: the middle of the night.
text: Both are clearly affected by this experience.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come, we should be leaving for the
dialog: airport.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I know, perfume and cognac. Give me
dialog: a minute, I just need to use the
dialog: men’s room.
text: And he heads to a nearby cafe.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE TOILETS. DAY.
text: Randy is in the toilets and he finds an empty cubicle. He
text: walks in, closes the door behind him. Something has happened.
dialog: Everything has accumulated - the stress, the disappointment,
dialog: the injustice. And the visit to the memorial has suddenly
text: made the wound go deeper. He erupts, banging his fist against
text: the cubicle wall. In this one moment, we begin to see how the
text: events of his experience are changing him profoundly as a
dialog: human being.
dialog: 76
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES. DAY.
dialog: Montage of Los Angeles - the sunshine, the freeways, the
text: suburbs, the water-sprinklers.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Maria, Randy, Pam, Barbara and a few friends have convened
text: for a welcome-back barbecue. Randy stands in the middle of
text: the group, with Pam at his side.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Grandfather Zeisl once said that
dialog: the three things he hated most in
dialog: life were Hitler, his grandmother,
dialog: and the Los Angeles sun. But right
dialog: now I’m going to have to disagree
dialog: with him on the third one. Right
dialog: now, everything about Los Angeles
dialog: is pretty wonderful.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: If my darling Fritz was still alive
dialog: today he would surely be singing an
dialog: aria to welcome us back. Any excuse
dialog: was good enough!
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Welcome back! Ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: raise your glasses to Randy and
dialog: Maria!
text: Laughter and applause. They all raise their glasses and
text: toast Randy and Maria. But in that moment, as if she can now
text: read him, Maria knows the jollity is a pretense. She goes up
text: to Randy, speaks privately.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We did our best. That’s what
dialog: matters. We did everything we
dialog: could. The past is the past and now
dialog: we must let it go, my dear.
text: But they both know it won’t be easy.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Pam wakes up - Randy isn’t in bed beside her.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Pam comes into the living room, finds him lying on the floor,
text: with Dora asleep on his chest.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Randy?
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I went for the money.
text: She looks at him, not quite understanding.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Those paintings are worth over a
dialog: hundred million dollars. And that’s
dialog: why I went out there with her. I
dialog: went for the money, Pam.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It’s okay. It’s natural, don’t beat
dialog: yourself up about it. (But now
dialog: you’re back and that’s all that
dialog: matters.)
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Is it?
text: She doesn’t quite understand what he means. But she knows him
text: enough to know that she’s witnessing a shift in him.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ LIVING ROOM. DAY.
dialog: And we see Randy doing a lot of research over the next year
text: and a half into various legal matters - on the living room
text: floor receiving some papers coming through on the fax machine
text: and we see the heading: ART RESTITUTION: INTERNATIONAL
speaker_heading: CLAIMS.
scene_heading: INT. RANDY'S OFFICE, BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN. NIGHT.
text: And in his office too, poring over various files at night,
text: with the lights of L.A. twinkling in the background.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT.
text: And then back in the kitchen - and the clock says it’s 3 a.m.
text: And he’s on the internet and he’s looking under something
text: titled : FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITIES ACT. But he’s getting
text: nowhere, he can’t crack it, he’s getting frustrated reading
text: the small print.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNES AND NOBLE BOOKSTORE. DAY.
text: Randy walks towards the bookstore.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BARNES AND NOBLE BOOKSTORE. DAY.
text: Randy is in a Barnes and Noble bookstore in LA, looking
text: through books. He’s in the Art section and he suddenly sees a
text: book on Klimt. Picks it up, leafs through it. Then his eye
text: falls onto another book nearby: a glossy Belvedere catalogue.
text: He’s struck by an idea- gets excited. He takes the book up to
text: the counter, gives it to the CASHIER.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: That’s twenty nine dollars sir.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY.
text: Randy runs up to Maria’s shop holding the Belvedere
text: catalogue. He is out of breath. He can see Maria through the
text: window, helping a WOMAN CUSTOMER, but still rushes in, waving
dialog: the catalogue.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MARIA'S BOUTIQUE. DAY.
text: As she puts the customer’s sweater into a bag, Randy enters
text: the shop and stands there, out of breath and holding the
text: catalogue. Maria is still helping her customer.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: There you go. I hope your husband
dialog: likes you in it as much as I do.
text: As the Woman Customer walks by Randy on her way out, she
text: can’t help giving him a funny look. He smiles back at her.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Scheff.
text: And she’s gone. Randy is still breathless.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, fancy seeing you after all
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Belvedere Gallery catalogue. On
dialog: sale. In Barnes and Noble. On
dialog: Wilshire.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Hello to you too. Now will you
dialog: please explain to me what you are
dialog: babbling on about?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria, you don’t understand. You
dialog: can sue them here! In the U.S.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh, not all that again. Anyway, I
dialog: thought you said we couldn’t sue
dialog: them over here. That Foreign State
dialog: Immunity thing.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I did. But I found a loophole.
dialog: Three conditions.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Which are...?
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: When the property was taken in
dialog: violation of international law.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Which it was.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thank you. When the property is
dialog: owned by an agency of a foreign
dialog: state.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You mean the Belvedere Gallery?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thank you. When that agency is
dialog: engaged in a commercial activity in
dialog: the USA.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Selling a book in Barnes and Noble?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Tick, tick, tick. Three ticks. If
dialog: you meet all these criteria, you
dialog: can sue. You meet them. So you can
dialog: sue.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Only trouble is, I don’t think I
dialog: want to.
text: He looks at her, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you remember what I said to
dialog: you, Randy? There comes a time when
dialog: you have to move on.
text: But from his incredulous expression, it’s clear that that
text: time hasn’t yet come for Randy.
scene_heading: INT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN OFFICES. DAY.
text: Sherman is striding through the offices, late for a lunch
text: appointment. Randy is stalking him excitedly. As he walks
text: Sherman scans a file that Randy has given him.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: It’s a long shot. For starters
dialog: there’s no precedent.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: There’s one case I found, it’s in
dialog: there, Jewish family from Argentina
dialog: lost a hotel. Sued the Argentinians
dialog: over here because they’d advertised
dialog: the hotel in the U.S.
text: They get to the elevator. Sherman gets in, Randy doesn’t.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: The answer is no.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I have a feeling about this sir.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: Since when have we been paying you
dialog: to have feelings?
text: And the elevator door shuts in Randy’s face.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT.
text: Randy and Pam are at the table, eating dinner. The atmosphere
text: is heavy, Randy isn’t fully present.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Fine, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Coz it’s like you’re never here
dialog: anymore. Ever since you went on
dialog: that trip to Austria it feels as if
dialog: a part of you never came back.
text: He looks at her. He knows she’s right. But he doesn’t have an
text: answer. Pam gets up and starts clearing the dishes from the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: PAM (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’m getting so tired of it,
dialog: Randy.
text: He walks up to her, puts his arms around her, tries to kiss
text: her. But she semi-playfully pushes him away and he knows he’s
text: testing her patience in a way he never has before.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. STREET. DUSK.
text: And at dawn, with a newly discovered grit, Randy is jogging.
text: And even as he jogs, the mental wheels are turning. But he’s
text: made his mind up now. (NB —- NO AMENDMENT, changes on 77
text: pushed scene onto an A page).
scene_heading: INT. SHERMAN’S OFFICE. DAY.
text: And a few hours later he’s with Sherman again, standing in
text: front of his desk.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: It’s commonly known as an
dialog: ultimatum, Randy.
dialog: 81
text: Randy says nothing; waits for Sherman to elaborate.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I humoured you. Let him go to
dialog: Europe, I thought, let him flex his
dialog: muscles. God knows, I suppose there
dialog: was a small part of me that hoped
dialog: you were onto something.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I think I am, sir.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: You're not, Randy. There isn’t a
dialog: case. There’s no enforcement
dialog: mechanism between the U.S. and
dialog: Austria. Unless you think the US
dialog: Marshals will show up in Vienna
dialog: with a warrant.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Just one more go, sir.
speaker_heading: SHERMAN
dialog: No more goes. I need you here now.
dialog: No more extra-curricular stuff. No
dialog: more Klimts.
text: And he goes back to his work. Randy just stands there. But
text: there’s a reckless look on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING. DAY.
text: Randy runs into the Los Angeles Federal Building, fuelled by
dialog: an urgent purpose.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING. DAY.
text: Randy walks up to a Court House employee who is sitting
text: behind the filing window.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Hi there. I’d like to file a law
dialog: suit against the Austrian
dialog: government. I’ve filled in the
dialog: summons and here’s the complaint.
scene_heading: COURT HOUSE EMPLOYEE
dialog: That’1l cost you a hundred and
dialog: sixty five dollars.
text: He hands her the documents and a cheque.
speaker_heading: COURT HOUSE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D)
dialog: I wanna go to Austria one day with
dialog: my daughter. She loves kangaroos.
dialog: 82
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DAY.
text: Maria is kneeling down in her garden, planting seeds, when
text: suddenly Randy appears in front of her, full of purpose and
text: short of breath.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria. Can you come with me please?
dialog: I want you to witness something.
scene_heading: INT. THE AUSTRIAN CONSULATE. DAY.
text: And now they’re in the reception of the consulate and Randy
text: makes a bee-line for the receptionist. Maria follows, and
text: watches the whole scene with growing bewilderment.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Is Consul Brandstetter around?
scene_heading: CONSULATE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I’m afraid not, sir.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Tell him Mrs. Altmann and Randy
dialog: Schoenberg dropped by. I think he
dialog: may have heard of us.
scene_heading: CONSULATE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Okay.
text: Maria tries to pull him aside.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What do we want with the Austrian
dialog: Consul?
text: Randy turns back to the receptionist.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Please inform him we’re just
text: dropping off a summons and
dialog: complaint. We’re taking the
dialog: Austrian Government to court.
text: He takes an envelope out of his jacket pocket, hands it to
text: her. Maria is flabbergasted.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: And he makes his way to the exit, with Maria at his heels.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT. DAY.
text: On the open top floor of a car-park, with the L.A. skyline in
text: the distance, Randy walks briskly with purpose towards the
text: car. Maria is a few feet behind him.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Can you slow down a little and tell
dialog: me what’s going on here?
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: We're taking them to Court, Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You can’t do this Randy, just going
text: ahead like a mad steam-roller.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Can’t I?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Stop walking so fast! I can’t keep
dialog: up with you!
text: He stops at her admonishment and she catches up.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I told you I have no intention of
dialog: suing them. I’ve had enough
dialog: excitement. I have returned to my
dialog: quiet life and I have begun to find
text: some peace again.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Say that again, with conviction.
text: And she snaps.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh don’t be so stupid.
text: And she pulls herself together, takes a second.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, you don’t have the time to
dialog: do this. You have a full time job,
dialog: remember? You have a family to
dialog: support.
text: And Randy's expression says it all. Maria gets it. He’s quit.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Randy approaches Pam at the bottom of the garden, out of
text: earshot of Dora who is playing with some toys in the
text: distance. Randy drops his atom bomb.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I quit.
text: Pam is incredulous, in utter shock. It hasn’t sunk in.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What do you mean, you quit?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: My job. I quit my job. I quit, I
dialog: quit, I quit.
dialog: 84
text: Pam makes a noise of desperation - a sound of utter despair
text: and rage - and turns away, storms into the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. DAY.
text: She bursts into the kitchen and rockets through it, on her
text: way to the bathroom, with Randy in close pursuit.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I spoke to my Dad, he said he can
dialog: lend us some cash to keep us going
dialog: for six months.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Great, now we owe your parents
dialog: money, too. Three hundred thousand
dialog: dollars of debt isn’t enough!
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ HALLWAY. DAY.
text: And Pam reaches the bathroom door, turns on him.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I’m sick of it, Randy, I’m sick of
dialog: you gambling with our lives!
text: And she slams the door in his face. Randy takes a deep
text: breath, leans against the door, attempts a confession, speaks
text: quietly, from the heart.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m sorry..I..I’m so sorry. You’re
dialog: right - what you said the other
dialog: night - a part of me never did come
dialog: back. Something happened out there,
dialog: Pam. I don’t know what it is but I
dialog: can’t let it go. I think it’s
dialog: important. But I also know that I
dialog: can’t do it without you. Not for a
dialog: single day, not for an hour.
text: There’s a beat, and the door opens. She’s been crying but you
text: can tell his words have already softened her. And then, she
text: too drops a bomb.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I’m pregnant. I was going to tell
dialog: you over dinner.
text: It hits him like a train but he does his best to cover.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Wow. Okay. Wow. That’s - I mean,
dialog: that’s...okay. We’ll manage. You’11
dialog: see. We’ll manage.
text: He steps forward and puts his arms around her. For a second
text: she resists, then lets him. And in that moment they are both
text: aware that their lives are entering unknown territory.
dialog: 85
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RANDY’S CAR. DAY.
text: An early Californian morning, just after dawn, and Randy is
text: driving Maria to the District Court. They are both smartly
text: dressed for a day in Court. Maria is holding a cup of coffee
text: and a chocolate donut.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: They’ve hired Stan Gould from
dialog: Heimann Rose, a_ hot-shot Jewish
dialog: law firm.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Nice of them to give jobs to Jewish
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: They’re trying to dismiss the case
dialog: on procedural grounds.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: In the hope that I will die before
dialog: we have a trial. But I will do them
dialog: the favour of staying alive.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Staying alive would be an
dialog: advantage.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Now, hurry up, because the
dialog: chocolate on your donut is melting.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT.
text: In the courtroom Randy and Maria are greeted by STAN GOULD
text: and Toman. Gould is an impressive looking lawyer whose whole
text: demeanour breathes with quiet, understated confidence. Randy
text: has just finished his donut, there is a tiny smidgen of
text: chocolate on his nose.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Mr. Gould.
speaker_heading: GOULD
dialog: Mr. Schoenberg, Mrs. Altmann.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Lovely of you to come all the way
dialog: from Austria Dr. Toman. We’re
dialog: flattered.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: I've always wanted to visit
text: Disneyland. Two birds with one
dialog: stone as they say.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I hope we make your visit
dialog: worthwhile.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Mrs Altmann, may I say you are
dialog: looking even younger than you did
dialog: in Vienna.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you Dr. Toman. This morning
dialog: I’m feeling as if I have another
dialog: fifty years in front of me.
text: Toman looks confused at the private joke between Maria and
dialog: Randy.
speaker_heading: COURT OFFICIAL
dialog: All rise.
text: JUDGE FLORENCE COOPER enters. She is an impressive woman with
text: great authority but not intimidating. Maria takes a small
text: handkerchief out of her hand-bag and dabs the chocolate off
text: Randy’s nose.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY.
text: The court case. Judge Cooper sits at the bench. Randy and
text: Maria on one side, Gould and Toman on the other. The session
text: is in full swing.
speaker_heading: GOULD
dialog: Your Honour, the Foreign Sovereign
dialog: Immunities Act was passed in 1976,
dialog: a good thirty eight years after the
dialog: events in question. It seems to me
dialog: obvious that the FSIA rulings can
dialog: not be applied retroactively and I
dialog: am bewildered that Mrs. Altmann’s
dialog: counsel has not advised her of this
dialog: fact. It would have saved her a
dialog: great deal of inconvenience and an
dialog: equal amount of false hope.
text: Suddenly, Maria puts her hand up and speaks.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It really isn’t much of an
dialog: inconvenience. If I wasn’t here,
dialog: I'd either be at my shop or at home
dialog: watching ‘Days of Our Lives’.
text: Randy is mortified at her interruption, the others can’t
text: quite believe it. Judge Cooper steps in.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COOPER
dialog: I’m glad to hear that, Mrs.
dialog: Altmann. But from now on, would you
dialog: mind speaking only when you are
dialog: asked? There are certain procedures
dialog: which need to be adhered to in a
dialog: court-room.
text: And Maria smiles apologetically. Randy is still reeling.
dialog: 87
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY.
text: And now Randy is giving his response.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Your Honour, Mr.Gould is right to
dialog: point out that the FSIA was enacted
dialog: in 1976 but he is mistaken in his
dialog: theory that it can not be applied
dialog: retroactively.
text: He lifts some documents; hands them to a COURT MARSHALL. The
text: Court Marshall hands them over to Judge Cooper, who scans
text: them. Meanwhile, Randy passes copies of them to the
dialog: opposition.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Despite the fact that actions
dialog: accruing before 1976 are rarer,
dialog: they very much exist, these are
text: just three examples of them.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COOPER
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Schoenberg, I’m sure
dialog: these will prove to be a riveting
dialog: read. Let’s adjourn for ten
dialog: minutes.
text: And Randy smiles at her sarcasm.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY
text: Gould again, still confident but a little less so.
speaker_heading: GOULD
dialog: This is a domestic matter for
dialog: Austria. Anything else would be a
dialog: violation of its national
dialog: sovereignty. After all, there is a
dialog: forum available for Mrs. Altmann to
dialog: pursue her case in Austria without
dialog: resorting to the use of American
dialog: courts and American tax-payer’s
dialog: money.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY
text: Randy is becoming more confident as he goes on.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Your Honour, I applaud Mr. Gould’s
dialog: concern for the American tax-payer
dialog: but taking the defendant to court
dialog: in Austria would require her to be
dialog: a multi-milionairess. It is not an
dialog: option. In a matter of fact your
dialog: Honour, we have exhausted all other
dialog: options. If we hadn’t we wouldn't
dialog: be standing before you today.
dialog: 88
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY.
text: And JUDGE COOPER gives her verdict from the bench.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COOPER
dialog: The plaintiff has adequately proved
dialog: that the FSIA can apply to pre 1976
dialog: events. Also, due to prohibitive
dialog: costs, this Court has decided that
dialog: Austria provides an inadequate
dialog: forum for resolution of plaintiff's
dialog: claims.
speaker_heading: GOULD
dialog: Your Honour..
speaker_heading: JUDGE COOPER
dialog: Defendant’s Motion to dismiss is
dialog: denied.
speaker_heading: COURT OFFICIAL
dialog: All rise.
text: People stand as Judge Cooper exits. Randy whispers to Maria.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: First hurdle down.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’ve always thought there should be
dialog: more women judges.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY.
text: Randy approaches Toman as he is about to leave the courtroom.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Dr. Toman.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Congratulations Mr. Schoenberg. An
dialog: unexpected outcome which no doubt
dialog: has delighted you.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You’re a busy man who can’t be that
dialog: keen on spending the good part of
text: his life traipsing through the U.S.
dialog: Court system. I would urge you to
dialog: consider mediation.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: There will be no mediation Mr.
dialog: Schoenberg. You have been
dialog: exceptionally lucky today, that is
dialog: all. Good-day to you.
text: Maria, who’s been over-hearing the conversation, waves at
dialog: Toman.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Enjoy Disneyland!
dialog: 89
text: And Toman walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DAY.
text: Maria is having her hair done at home. EIGHT MONTHS have
text: passed and she is looking a little more frail. A HAIRDRESSER,
text: a middle aged woman, has just finished and is showing her the
text: back of her head with a portable mirror.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Appeal, appeal, appeal. The
dialog: Austrians keep appealing and
dialog: they’re denied every time.
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: They don’t give up easily, that
dialog: much you have in common.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So now we're going all the way to
dialog: the Supreme Court. Which is why I
dialog: need you to make me look like a
dialog: million dollars.
text: The phone rings and she leans over and answers it.
speaker_heading: MARIA (ON THE PHONE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello? Randy, what’s happened to
dialog: you? I’m getting my hair done
dialog: Washington style.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Randy is on the wireless phone in the garden when Pam
text: approaches him. She is very noticeably pregnant.
speaker_heading: RANDY (ON THE PHONE)
dialog: Okay, that’s fine, so I’ll see you
text: at the airport.
text: And he switches it off. She’s picked up that he’s troubled by
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I chickened out. I don’t have the
dialog: heart to tell her.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Tell her what?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Our own Government has filed a
dialog: brief in Austria’s favour. Can you
dialog: believe that?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Why?
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The Iraq war.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: They need as many friends as they
dialog: can get?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: They don’t want to start
text: antagonising their allies.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: So now you’re fighting the
dialog: Americans as well...
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Feels like I’m fighting the whole
dialog: damn world.
text: And Pam looks at him. Something in her can’t help admiring
text: him. And that same thing starts to change her. She doesn’t
dialog: want to be one of the people he’s fighting anymore.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: My money’s on you.
scene_heading: EXT. BURTON WAY, L.A. DAY.
text: In the afternoon sunshine, Maria crosses the street on her
text: way to The Four Seasons Hotel.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS HOTEL CAFE. DAY.
text: Maria is in the cafe of The Four Seasons being walked to a
text: table by a waitress. At the table sits RONALD LAUDER, a man
text: who exudes elegance and wealth. He stands.
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: Mrs. Altmann, I’m Ronald Lauder.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The son of Estee. I’ve always loved
dialog: your mother’s cosmetics. Her lip-
dialog: stick is my favourite.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS HOTEL CAFE. DAY.
text: A few minutes later. Maria and Lauder are having tea, Lauder
text: talking with focussed intensity.
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: The art works stolen by the Nazis
dialog: are the last prisoners of World War
dialog: Two. And Adele is their queen.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My aunt would be flattered.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: I was a young man when I first saw
dialog: the portrait and I instantly fell
dialog: in love.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: She has that effect on people.
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: Which is why I want her for the
dialog: Neve Galerie in New York. I will
dialog: put my offer in writing but have no
dialog: doubt, it will be substantial.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We are jumping the gun a little,
dialog: Mr. Lauder.
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: One needs to do what one can to
dialog: make a favourable outcome as likely
dialog: as possible . Which brings me to
dialog: young Mr. Schoenberg. He’s been a
dialog: formidable ally.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And continues to be one.
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: But he’s not cut out for the
dialog: Supreme Court Mrs. Altmann. A
dialog: little like sending a school-boy
text: onto the front line.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: LAUDER
dialog: I’m willing to pay for you to have
dialog: the finest representation from this
dialog: point on. The man I have in mind
dialog: is to art restitution what Einstein
dialog: is to relativity. He’s done his
dialog: homework on your case and I’m ready
dialog: to parachute him in. Can I ask him
dialog: to call you?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You can ask him to take a hike.
text: Lauder is flummoxed.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sticking with my school-boy,
dialog: Mr. Lauder. And that’s final.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERG’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: Randy is lying in bed surrounded by pages and pages of work
text: documents, rehearsing for his imminent appearance at the
text: Supreme Court. He practices out loud.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Your Honours, this repeated attempt
dialog: by the defence to have the case
dialog: dismissed..
text: Pam appears at the door in her nightie. Considering what
text: she’s about to say, her attitude is quite relaxed.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Randy. We need to drop Dora off at
dialog: your mother’s and get to the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You think I should go deeper with
dialog: the voice?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Honey. My water broke.
text: He looks at her, taking on what she’s just said. In shock. He
text: jumps up.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Okay. Stay calm, stay calm.
text: But she is calm, he’s the one freaking out as he hurriedly
text: dresses. Pam calmly takes an overnight bag out, places it on
text: the bed, and starts putting clothes into it.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Randy, I’m fine.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You’re having a baby.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I’m aware of that.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I‘1l get the car. Do you need to
dialog: sit? Do you need a glass of water?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Randy, relax.. I’ve done this
dialog: before, I’1ll be okay.
text: She takes some of his ties out, throws them on the bed.
speaker_heading: PAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Which tie are you going to wear to
dialog: the Supreme Court?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you sure that’s important right
dialog: now?
text: She chucks him a slightly old-fashioned green one.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Wear the one your Dad got you for
text: good luck. With the blue shirt.
dialog: 93
text: And then she sits on the bed, signals for him to do sit next
text: to her. He does.
speaker_heading: PAM (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to take me to the hospital
dialog: and then you need to go to
dialog: Washington. You need to do it for
dialog: all of us.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you sure that’s what you want?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Listen to me. I got it wrong.
dialog: Whatever I said, I want you to know
dialog: I’m with you now. And if it doesn’t
dialog: work out, we’ll manage. Either way,
dialog: we'll be okay. You’re doing the
dialog: right thing, and I love you.
text: She touches his face, smiles warmly. And he knows that she
text: now understands something of why he had to take on the case.
text: Then, suddenly, movement. She flinches, looks down.
speaker_heading: PAM (CONT'D)
text: He’s getting twitchy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: We need to go. I’m not good at the
dialog: whole midwife thing.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON. DAY.
text: Washington in the winter sun: Capitol Hill, the White House,
dialog: The Supreme Court.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON HOTEL. DAY.
text: Maria is sitting on the edge of the bed coaching Randy who
text: stands before her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Do it again without the arms.
text: Randy starts speaking with his arms glued to his side.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Mr Chief Justice and may it please
dialog: the Court..
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Now you look like a pillar.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: This is great for my confidence.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Move them but not like before.
text: Somewhere between a windmill and a
dialog: pillar.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria, this really isn’t helping. I
dialog: need to go through the briefs.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Alright, I’1l leave you alone now.
text: She gets up and makes her way towards the door. Then turns to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak from the heart, Randy, and
dialog: you'll be fine.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Will I?
text: And his question hovers in the air. Suddenly, they’re both
text: aware that they might be well out of their depth.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
text: In the morning sunshine, the Supreme Court stands proud.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
dialog: And in the Court, everybody is settling down for the session
text: to begin. Randy on the one side with Maria, Gould, Toman and
text: FRANKS (representing the US Government) on the other. Maria
text: leans over to Randy again, offers him a cough-sweet.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Have a cough drop. They are cherry
dialog: flavoured.
text: Randy takes it but he is a nervous wreck as he shuffles
text: through his documents. Maria leans further in, puts her hand
text: on his arm.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, my dear, even if we go no
dialog: further, we made it to the Supreme
dialog: Court. Who'd have thought it? A
dialog: little Austrian girl like me...
scene_heading: INT. ELLIS ISLAND DETENTION WARD. DAY. 1938.
text: On a hot July day, with a view of New York seen through a
text: window, a few poorly dressed people mill around their bunks
text: in a dormitory of a tenement for newly-arrived refugees. One
text: man is tuning an accordion, some children are looking at a
text: comic book, a woman sits on the edge of her bed, staring
text: ahead. In amongst them, lying on a bunk, are Maria and
text: Fritz. They sit on the bed with brochures promoting
text: California spread out before them. They are sharing a bottle
dialog: of cheap wine, and trying to stay cheerful in this new,
dialog: unknown country.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Can you please show me the way to
dialog: the wash-room, sir?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Now say it again, but with an
dialog: American accent. If you say it like
dialog: that, nobody will understand you.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: You can talk! You sound like a
dialog: silly Frankfurter!
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I am aman, not a sausage!
text: Just then, as they giggle, the door opens and a WARDEN walks
text: in, someone who works at the tenement. He is holding a
dialog: telegram.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Maria Altmann! Which one of you is
dialog: Maria Altmann?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: I am!
text: Maria jumps off the bed and runs up to the man, who hands her
text: the telegram, then walks out a
dialog: it, reads it. And we know that
text: has suddenly shaken her to the
text: the bunk, almost falling on to
text: puts his hand on hers.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: It’s from my sister. She's
dialog: waiting for us in California.
dialog: But she’s had news from
dialog: Vienna.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Your parents?
text: little gruffly. Maria opens
dialog: whatever it is she is reading,
text: very core. She walks back to
text: it, as her legs buckle. Fritz
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Was ist los?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Es ist von meiner schwester.
dialog: Sie wartet auf uns in
dialog: Kalifornien. Aber sie hat
dialog: Nachrichten aus Wien.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Deine Eltern?
text: She collapses into his arms, and weeps.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
text: The session has begun. CHIEF JUSTICE REHNQUIST speaks - he is
dialog: an intimidating, authoritative
dialog: presence.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: We'll hear argument next in 03-13,
dialog: the Republic of Austria v. Maria
dialog: Altmann. Mr.Gould.
speaker_heading: GOULD
dialog: Mr Chief Justice, and may it please
dialog: the Court: I’ll keep my argument
dialog: succinct sir: this is a domestic
dialog: matter for Austria. It has no place
dialog: in the American Courts.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: Mr Franks, representing the United
dialog: States Government, your opening
dialog: statement please.
text: Franks is talking now and his age and experience emanate from
text: his every pore.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Mr Chief Justice, if this law were
dialog: to be applied retroactively it
dialog: could open claims brought against a
dialog: number of foreign states which
dialog: would further complicate our
dialog: international relations.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: Give me an example.
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: Well there are currently cases
dialog: pending against countries such as
dialog: Japan and France with which..
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: So what you’re saying is that Mrs.
dialog: Altmann shouldn’t try and reclaim
dialog: her paintings because it might
dialog: affect our relations with Japan?
speaker_heading: FRANKS
dialog: That could be a possible outcome
dialog: Your Honour.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: Mrs. Altmann, it seems that if your
dialog: case goes forward world diplomacy
dialog: will collapse and you will be
dialog: solely responsible.
text: Subdued laughter from the audience.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
text: Randy stands for his big moment. He is very nervous, very
dialog: stiff.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Mr. Chief Justice and may it please
dialog: the Court: We believe that applying
dialog: the FSIA is not impermissibly
dialog: retroactive.
text: Chief Justice Rehnquist starts to ask him a question. Randy
text: is like a bunny in the headlights of a car.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: Why isn’t it just as easy to say
dialog: that it does operate retroactively
dialog: because the question is when should
dialog: it exercise jurisdiction for a
dialog: particular purpose?
text: Randy is completely lost.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t understand the
dialog: question.
text: The embarrassment is palpable. Maria looks at the floor.
text: Toman can’t help but let out a little smirk.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST
dialog: I don’t think I did, either.
text: And the tension is burst. Everyone laughs and Randy sighs
dialog: with relief.
speaker_heading: CJ REHNQUIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Did anyone?
text: And more laughter.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
text: We watch him grow in confidence and stature with every word.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: We're very sensitive to the
dialog: Government’s concerns, Mr Chief
dialog: Justice, the can of worms argument.
dialog: But each country is different and
dialog: poses different conditions. Unlike
dialog: say Cuba, in Austria’s case there's
dialog: a treaty so there’s no dispute as
dialog: to what type of law could apply. We
dialog: recommend opening the can but
dialog: extracting our one little worm with
text: a pair of tweezers. And then
text: closing it shut again.
text: And laughter from the audience.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: The defendants have continuously
dialog: tried to frustrate our attempts,
dialog: raising every possible objection
text: and threatening an Armageddon in
dialog: international relations.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: But let’s put things into
dialog: perspective here: this is a case
dialog: about one woman wanting back what
dialog: is rightfully hers. Mrs. Altmann
dialog: came to America as a young woman in
dialog: search of peace. Let’s give her
dialog: justice too.
text: Maria looks up at Randy and her eyes are beaming with pride.
scene_heading: INT. AN ANTEROOM, THE SUPREME COURT. DAY.
text: In a room just outside the courtroom, Maria and Randy find
text: themselves in the middle of a media scrum. A REPORTER places
text: a mike under Maria.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mrs. Altmann were you surprised
dialog: that the U.S. Government supported
dialog: the Austrians in trying to get the
dialog: case dismissed?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Everybody wants me to hurry up and
dialog: die, why not the Americans as well?
text: The journalists laugh. Randy is standing at the side when he
text: is approached by another COURT REPORTER.
speaker_heading: COURT REPORTER
dialog: David Pike, Court Reporter. You
dialog: were impressive in there, no doubt.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Why, thank you. Randy Schoenberg.
text: He gives him his card.
speaker_heading: COURT REPORTER
dialog: Takes about three months for the
dialog: verdict to come though. But there’s
dialog: no way you’re gonna win.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: COURT REPORTER
dialog: I’ve been doing this job for thirty-
dialog: four years and I’m always right.
dialog: It’s in their body language.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Well, thank you very much. That’s a
dialog: cheerful way to end the day.
speaker_heading: COURT REPORTER
dialog: No problem.
text: And he ambles off leaving Randy dumb-struck to digest what
dialog: he’s just heard.
dialog: 99
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERG'S BEDROOM. DAY.
text: Randy rushes into the bedroom with a ridiculously large
text: bouquet of flowers. And then he sees them: Pam, in bed,
text: holding their new baby son.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Hey. Say hi to your son.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Hi Nathan.
text: And he is overwhelmed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
text: Superimposed caption: THREE MONTHS LATER.
text: Maria, Pam and Randy are sitting on the lawn - Pam is holding
text: Nathan in her arms while Dora runs laughing around Maria.
text: Dora is looking older than when we last saw her, she’s a real
dialog: toddler.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: She takes after her father. Can’t
dialog: sit still for a moment!
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you calling me hyper-active?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Like you have spiders crawling in
dialog: your underwear all the time.
text: Randy keeps looking at his watch.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Sweetie, will you stop looking at
dialog: your watch every two minutes?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You’re making us all nervous.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: They said we should hear by noon.
text: The phone rings. Randy runs indoors to answer it. Maria and
text: Pam look at each other and smile at the speed with which he’s
text: run into the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. DAY.
text: He answers the phone. Through the window we can see Pam and
text: Maria playing with the kids, though obviously on tenterhooks
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY.
dialog: 100
text: Randy comes out, walks up to where Maria and Pam are sitting.
text: He looks downcast, as if the news is bad.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I told you not to get excited but
dialog: you didn’t listen to me.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Bad news I’m afraid. You can’t give
text: up yet. The fight goes on.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The Supreme Court has ruled in our
dialog: favour. We can take the Austrians
dialog: to trial, Maria.
text: Pam jumps up and hugs him.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Oh my God, Randy, you did it!
text: Maria too stands up, walks to him, takes his face in her
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: From the first moment I saw you, I
dialog: knew you were the right man for the
dialog: job! That’s why I ignored all the
dialog: terrible bits.
text: And she plants a big smacker on his cheek. Randy smiles but
text: is holding back a little bit; almost as if he can’t quite
dialog: allow himself to feel the joy of the moment.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ DRIVEWAY . DAY.
text: And in the evening light, Randy and Pam are waving at Maria
text: as she is driven away in a taxi. Randy is holding Nathan, Pam
text: is holding Dora. But Pam has picked something up in Randy's
dialog: behaviour.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Are you okay? I thought this was
dialog: the outcome you wanted.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Just something I've been thinking
dialog: over that kind of puts a damper on
dialog: the celebrations.
text: She looks at him, not understanding.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sure, we can take them to court.
dialog: But they’1l find other ways to
dialog: stretch it out. Could take a few
dialog: more years. She might not live to
dialog: see the outcome.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: And we can’t afford it. Four more
dialog: months and the bailiff’s at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: We’ve come so far, there’s no way
dialog: we can stop now. I’m frightened,
dialog: but I’m with you.
text: And he kisses her - in acknowledgement of how far she’s
text: travelled. And then, in that moment, an idea comes to him.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: There’s only one more thing we
dialog: could try.
text: And then, Pam too, well-versed in the case, gets it.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Mediation.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDROOM. DAY.
text: In a slick board-room in Los Angeles, Randy and Maria sit on
text: the one side of the table, Toman on the other. And between
text: them sits Professor DIETER BINDER, an elderly Austrian
dialog: historian who is the mediator.
speaker_heading: BINDER
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Funny how things turn out in the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: We really want to avoid going to
dialog: trial here in America.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You’ve done an effective job
dialog: proving that Dr. Toman.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: So we’re happy to consider other
dialog: options. Austria is all ears.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: How very refreshing.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Despite my protestations, my client
dialog: is prepared to meet you half way.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: As a gesture of reconciliation I am
dialog: willing to allow the paintings to
dialog: remain in the Belvedere. All you
dialog: have to do is admit that you took
dialog: them illegally.
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And then come to an agreement with
dialog: us on the question of compensation.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: I’m afraid we’re not budging, and
dialog: that is final. We will not be
dialog: paying for something we believe is
dialog: ours and we will fight you to the
dialog: death before we concede on this.
text: Another impasse. Binder steps in.
speaker_heading: BINDER
dialog: I’m assuming you all want this to
dialog: be over so let’s study the other
dialog: options we have.
text: Randy talks but he is already nervous at how his next words
dialog: will be taken my Maria.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Arbitration in Vienna.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Randy!
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: We chose one of the arbitrators,
dialog: you choose another. The third is
dialog: neutral.
text: Toman can hardly believe his ears and has trouble concealing
dialog: his joy.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Now you are talking sense. This
dialog: sounds like a reasonable idea.
text: But Maria is in shock.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Randy, can I speak to you in
dialog: private for a moment?
text: And from her tone, Randy knows she’s having none of it.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE THE BOARDROOM. DAY.
text: Maria and Randy are standing outside the boardroom. Through
text: the glass wall we can see Toman and Binder. Maria is fierce
text: and adamant. Randy was prepared for this and is doing his
dialog: best to reassure her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Have you lost your mind?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I want to see you getting your
dialog: paintings back Maria. I'd like you
dialog: to get them before..
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Before, I die is what you mean.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Well, frankly, yes.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And you're crazy enough to think
dialog: that some arbitration in Vienna
dialog: will vote in our favour?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I honestly don’t think we have a
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: But that means we have to go back
dialog: to Austria.
text: Randy starts to lose his patience with her.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria. Listen to me. I can’t sit
dialog: here arguing with you, okay? I’m
dialog: doing what I think is best. You
dialog: need to just be quiet for once, and
dialog: trust me.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No, Randy, I will not be quiet! I’m
dialog: sorry. Enough is enough.
text: And she’s already opened the door to the boardroom.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDROOM. DAY.
text: She strides up to where her handbag is, picks it up, turns to
text: Toman and speaks, dignified and strident in equal measure.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Congratulations, Dr. Toman. Your
dialog: tactics have succeeded. I am not
dialog: playing this game anymore.
dialog: Goodbye, gentlemen.
text: And she sweeps out of the boardroom, leaving Binder
text: speechless. Toman can’t help but release a tiny look of
dialog: satisfaction.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE THE BOARDROOM. DAY.
text: And she sweeps by Randy, not stopping for a second.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DAY.
text: Randy drives up to Maria’s bungalow, pulls over, gets out,
text: and runs towards the front door. He is worked up, fuming. He
text: rings the doorbell and a couple of seconds later, Maria opens
text: the door but doesn’t let him in.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Nice one, Maria. Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m not in the mood, I don’t want
dialog: to talk to you.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: The feeling is mutual but we don’t
dialog: have the choice right now.
text: She tries to close the door, he puts his foot in it and
text: blocks it.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S HALLWAY. DAY.
text: Exasperated, Maria opens the door, walks into the hallway.
text: Randy follows her into the house. She turns on him. And when
text: she speaks it is with a quiet steel in her voice. She’s made
dialog: her mind up.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It’s over, Randy! We made a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What’s over? What are you saying?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m saying that we have to accept
text: defeat and return to what’s left of
dialog: our lives.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you insane?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m saying that I’m tired and that
dialog: they can keep the paintings. I’m
dialog: saying Randy, that as of this
dialog: moment, I no longer need your
dialog: services.
text: Randy can not believe what he’s hearing. And when he erupts
text: Maria is not prepared for the full force of it.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you kidding me? I have given
dialog: everything I have! I am HALF A
dialog: MILLION DOLLARS in debt and my wife
dialog: and I are..my children, everything
dialog: I fucking care about in this
dialog: world....and you have the
dialog: nerve..everything I’ve done I’ve
dialog: done to get those goddamn paintings
dialog: back for you...I wish you’d never
dialog: asked me.. and you have the nerve
dialog: to come to me and say that it’s all
dialog: over!
text: And he stops and Maria is standing there, looking at him,
text: shaken by his rage. And, softening, he speaks quietly.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: We've come so far...just hang in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The Austrians will never let go.
dialog: And I won't be humiliated again. Go
dialog: back to Vienna if you have to. But
dialog: this time I’m not coming back with
dialog: you. You’re on your own Randy.
text: And the two of them stand silently opposite each other in the
text: hallway of her small house, shaken by their emotions.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA. NIGHT.
text: Montage of Vienna at night.
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA STREET. NIGHT.
text: Randy and Hubertus are walking down a street in the old part
dialog: of town.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: The man you chose for the
dialog: arbitration panel is a safe bet..
dialog: but I’m a little worried about the
dialog: other two, I can’t lie. The one
dialog: chosen by the Austrian State is a
dialog: strict traditionalist. I can’t see
dialog: him deciding in your favour. And as
dialog: for the third..well,it’s a gamble.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Here’s hoping.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: But I never thought you’d come
dialog: back. And personally, I need to be
dialog: honest - I don’t think it’s the
dialog: right decision. You are betting on
dialog: Austria having changed.
text: And Hubertus’ eyes suggest that it might be a bet too far.
text: They pass by a small concert hall. A poster catches Randy’s
dialog: eye: there’s an Arnold Schoenberg concert starting in twenty
text: minutes. He looks at Hubertus and they smile at the
text: coincidence. Randy checks his watch and runs to the box
text: office, gives his credit card to the female BOX OFFICE
text: EMPLOYEE, who takes it.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Two tickets, please.
scene_heading: BOX OFFICE EMPLOYEE
text: It starts in two minutes.
text: And then she notices the name on the card.
speaker_heading: BOX OFFICE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D)
dialog: You have the same name as the
dialog: composer.
dialog: 106
text: Hubertus looks at Randy and they smile to each other.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: What a coincidence.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT.
text: Randy and Hubertus sit in the darkened concert hall. Randy
text: listens proudly to his grandfather’s music, watching the
text: orchestra playing and the crowd appreciating it. And
text: something is inspired in him.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
text: The arbitration. A large room in a Government building in
text: Vienna. At a long table sit the three arbitrators. In the
text: room there is also a sizeable audience which includes
text: Hubertus, Elizabeth Gehrer, Wran and Toman. Randy stands near
text: the panel. One of the arbitrators stands.
speaker_heading: ARBITRATOR
dialog: The Austrian Government has
dialog: provided its case in writing for
dialog: our perusal. Mr. Schoenberg, you
dialog: too were offered the opportunity to
dialog: do so but you have opted to present
dialog: the introductory points of your
dialog: argument orally as well, is that
dialog: correct?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I have, yes.
speaker_heading: ARBITRATOR
dialog: The floor is yours.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Thank you sir.
text: Randy stands in the centre of the room and it feels like the
text: whole of Austria is his audience. He clears his throat, takes
text: a deep breath but looks uncertain - almost as if he can’t do
text: it. He begins but his tone lacks confidence, it wavers.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I’m happy to
dialog: be standing before you today for
dialog: two reasons. Firstly, like my
dialog: opponents in this case I always
dialog: believed that this was a domestic
dialog: matter for Austria that needed to
dialog: be decided within her borders.
text: Suddenly he’s interrupted: a door opens at the back of the
text: room. His eyes are drawn to it. It’s Maria. She’s come after
text: all. She walks up to the front of the room and sits. Randy
text: comes to her, leans in, and they whisper to each other.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wasn't expecting to see you here.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The first time I came back for
dialog: myself. This time I came back for
dialog: you. Now, stand up straight.
text: He looks at her, takes strength from her words, straightens
text: up, and resumes his opening speech - she has moved and
text: inspired him. He takes a deep breath and he looks two inches
text: taller. And the speech is now driven by a new confidence.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: And the second reason I’m happy to
dialog: be in Vienna today is because my
dialog: client Mrs. Altmann and I are both
dialog: Austrians.
text: Some of the audience seem surprised but Maria knows what he
dialog: means.
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, don’t get me wrong, we’re very
dialog: much Americans too. But our
dialog: families and the roots we share are
dialog: situated in the culture of this
dialog: very city.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL, VIENNA. NIGHT.
text: And we see a flashback to the night before and Randy
text: observing the audience as they listen to his grandfather's
dialog: music
scene_heading: INT. KLIMT’S STUDIO. DAY.
text: And now we see Adele being painted by Klimt once more, as he
text: puts the final touches to the great painting.
speaker_heading: RANDY (V.O.)
dialog: And somewhere, in the heart of this
dialog: world, stands the woman whose
dialog: portrait both sides are fighting
dialog: for. Adele Bloch-Bauer.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
text: Randy in full flow now, the confident, experienced lawyer he
dialog: has become.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: During my visits to this country I
dialog: have discerned that there are two
dialog: Austrias: the one that opposes
dialog: restitution to the victims of
dialog: Nazism, and another that recognises
dialog: the injustice committed against
dialog: Austria’s Jewish population and
dialog: seeks to rectify it.
dialog: We watch Dr Toman, Elizabeth Gehrer and Rudolf Wran
text: responding to what he is saying and then we land on Hubertus:
dialog: the two Austrias.
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: As I hope I demonstrate in my
dialog: written arguments, the law favours
dialog: restitution.
text: And now, during these next few scenes we watch a flashing
text: montage of the journey of the painting and the way it ended
dialog: up in the Belvedere --
scene_heading: EXT. VIENNA. DAY.
text: The Anchluss: The Viennese crowds greet the Nazis in
text: celebration, women throwing flowers to welcome them.
speaker_heading: RANDY (V.O.)
text: A string of events and misdeeds
dialog: point to the incontestible fact
dialog: that the paintings in question
dialog: reached the Belvedere Gallery and
dialog: remained there for over half a
dialog: century in a manner that was both
dialog: dishonest and illegal. And that
dialog: Adele’s will itself was not legally
dialog: binding.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: The auction at Elizabethstrasse.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: The painting of Adele being loaded onto a truck.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY.
text: And the painting coming to hang on the wall of the Belvedere
text: under Grimshitz’s supervision.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
text: And as Randy reaches the conclusion he slows his tempo a
dialog: little to make sure these last few words really land.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: In its own way Ladies and Gentlemen
dialog: this is a moment of history, a
dialog: moment in which the past is asking
dialog: something of the present. Many
dialog: years ago, (in this very city,)
dialog: just beyond these walls, terrible
dialog: things happened. People dehumanised
dialog: other people - they persecuted
dialog: them, sent many to their deaths,
dialog: and decimated whole families
dialog: breaking them apart forever. And
dialog: they stole from them - properties,
dialog: livelihoods and the objects that
dialog: were most precious to them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: RANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Amongst those people were the Bloch-
dialog: Bauers, the family of a very dear
dialog: friend of mine. So now I am asking
dialog: you - as Austrians - as human
dialog: beings - to recognise that wrong.
dialog: (Not just for Maria Altmann but for
dialog: Austria.) I am asking you today to
dialog: look at the past, as I have, and to
dialog: restore what has been taken away.
text: And his eyes meet Maria’s. And by articulating these last
text: words, he understands that he too, in some profound way, has
text: been restored. And it is clear that his words have resonated
text: with his audience, especially on the faces of Toman and Wran.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRATER PARK. DAY.
text: Maria, Randy and Hubertus are walking in the shade of the
text: Ferris Wheel. Randy is checking his phone.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: They said they should announce the
dialog: verdict by four.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: One thing is for sure. This country
dialog: is about to decide what it really
dialog: is.
text: They approach a bench and sit down on it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: When I was a child, my father used
dialog: to bring me here on Sundays.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: For waffles and ice-cream, eh?
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
text: And a ride on the ferris wheel.
text: And he knows that now is the moment to confide; their
dialog: friendship has earned it.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: He was an impressive man, tall and
dialog: domineering with his hair always
dialog: combed back. Handsome, I suppose.
text: As a small boy I looked up to him,
dialog: worshipped him.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You wanted to grow up to be like
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: When I was fifteen I discovered
dialog: that he had been a Nazi, Maria. A
dialog: passionate follower of the Third
dialog: Reich.
text: His words are coming out with great difficulty, almost as if
text: he hasn’t spoken them before.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: All my life I’ve been trying to
dialog: make up for the sins of the father.
dialog: Every day, asking myself how he
dialog: could be the person he was. And
dialog: every day trying to move away from
dialog: him.
text: He turns to look at Maria and Randy.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS (CONT’D)
dialog: How’s that for a motive, Randy?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: It’s pretty damn good.
text: Randy smiles guiltily at the memory of his initial scepticism
text: of Hubertus. Maria leans over and takes Hubertus’ hand.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You are a fine man, Hubertus. A
dialog: good man.
text: Then Randy’s phone goes: a text. He looks at it.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Decision time.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
text: The room is packed to the rafters. A tense atmosphere - the
text: moment everyone has been waiting for. Maria, Randy and
text: Hubertus are squeezed in and nearby are Wran, Toman and
text: Gehrer. There is also a large media contingent. The main
text: arbitrator stands and there is a hushed silence.
speaker_heading: ARBITRATOR
dialog: We, the arbitrators have now
dialog: studied both sides of this complex
dialog: case. Trying to keep an open mind
dialog: as we examined the evidence we have
dialog: reached our final verdict.
text: He walks over to the other arbitrators. One of them hands him
text: an envelope, which he slowly opens. He puts on his glasses
text: and reads from it.
speaker_heading: ARBITRATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Our decision today is that the
dialog: portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer and
dialog: the other Klimt paintings in
dialog: question should be returned to her
dialog: niece, Maria Altmann.
text: A huge wave of emotion sweeps across the room and on the
text: faces of all the audience we see a myriad of responses.
text: Hubertus is profoundly moved and buries his face in his
text: hands, Randy squeezes Maria’s hand who seems overwhelmed.
text: Cheers clash with sounds of consternation. Wran and Gehrer
text: make a quick exit.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
dialog: 111
text: In the excited crowd Randy, Maria and Hubertus embrace and
text: congratulate each other.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: For the first time in a long while
dialog: I am proud to call myself an
dialog: Austrian.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You should be.
speaker_heading: RANDY
text: The press are waiting outside
dialog: Maria. They want a statement. How
dialog: do I look?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Sexy and victorious! And how do I
dialog: look?
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Sexy and victorious!
text: Suddenly, out of nowhere Toman approaches Maria.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: Mrs. Altmann, may I have a word?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Dr. Toman.
text: They go to one side.
speaker_heading: TOMAN
dialog: I am defeated. But I will ask you -
dialog: beg you, entreat you - not to let
dialog: these paintings leave their
dialog: motherland. Let us come to an
dialog: arrangement. I am sure we can make
dialog: a generous offer.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It makes me sad too that they will
dialog: not stay in Adele’s country. But
dialog: Dr. Toman all along I have tried to
dialog: negotiate, to keep the dialogue
dialog: open. And all along you have
dialog: thwarted me, closed the doors in my
dialog: face. I am tired, Dr. Toman, and my
dialog: aunt is now crossing the Atlantic
dialog: to make her home in America, like I
dialog: once did. Excuse me.
text: And she makes a move away from him, visibly emotional and
text: starts to walk down the hall, looking for some privacy.
text: Hubertus notices; points it out to Randy.
speaker_heading: HUBERTUS
dialog: I think our friend might be needing
dialog: a little attention.
dialog: 112
text: Randy sees Maria enter a room off the hall, and follows. But
text: turns one last time to Hubertus,
text: casually throwing his words
text: over his shoulder as he moves away.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Have I said that we couldn’t have
dialog: done it without you?
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OFF THE ARBITRATION HALL. DAY.
text: Maria has found and entered an empty room off the hall and
text: closes the door behind her. There is a window and she walks
text: towards it. She suddenly looks quite frail, takes a few deep
text: breaths. She is overwhelmed. And then, she remembers the last
dialog: time she saw her parents. The goodbye --
scene_heading: INT. GUSTAV AND THRESE’S BEDROOM. DAY.
dialog: 1938
text: Maria moves into the room and joins Gustav and Therese by the
text: bed. She kneels down, takes their hands in hers and the three
text: of them hold on to each other, knowing this may well be the
text: last time they ever see each other. Therese is crying. When
text: Gustav speaks it is with some effort, his breathing is
dialog: laboured.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Papa, Mutti, I’m leaving now.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: You are doing the right
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: But I don’t want to.
speaker_heading: THERESE
dialog: You have to live, Maria. You
dialog: have to move forward into the
dialog: future and this place has no
dialog: future for you.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Papa, Mutti, ich gehe jetzt.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: Du tust das Richtige.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Aber ich will nicht.
speaker_heading: THERESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Du musst leben, Maria. Du
dialog: musst in die Zukunft schauen
dialog: und dieser Ort hat fiir dich
dialog: keine Zukunft mehr.
text: Gustav clutches her hand and looks deep into her eyes. And,
text: when he next speaks, he speaks in English to her. His accent
text: is strong but he speaks it beautifully.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: English will become your language
dialog: and America will be your home.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: Yes, papa.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: We speak English from now on. You
dialog: listen to me now in the language of
dialog: your future.
dialog: 113
text: And he manages a little laugh. Through tears, Maria laughs
text: too. But then, still speaking English, his tone changes.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (CONT’D)
dialog: When our family moved to Vienna,
dialog: Maria, they were not rich people.
dialog: We worked hard, we did everything
dialog: we could to contribute, and to
dialog: belong. We are proud of what we
dialog: have done and we are proud of our
dialog: children. Nobody can take that away
dialog: from us. And now, as you go, I ask
dialog: you only one thing, mein liebling.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MARIA
dialog: What is it Papa?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: Remember us.
text: And father, mother and daughter fall into each others’ arms
text: and embrace for the very last time.
text: Maria stands and walks to the door. When she reaches it, she
text: turns back one last time and looks at her mother and father.
speaker_heading: THERESE THERESE (CONT’D)
dialog: Take us with you, in your Behalte uns in deinem Herzen,
dialog: heart, and learn to be happy und lerne, wieder gliicklich
dialog: again. zu werden.
dialog: And Maria goes.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OFF THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY.
text: Randy knocks on the door and tentatively pushes it open.
text: Maria is still standing by the window.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Maria?
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: In a moment Randy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: Are you alright?
text: He approaches her. Fighting a huge surge of emotion, she
text: tries to express herself.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you my darling, thank you
dialog: with all my heart for what you’ve
dialog: done. But foolishly I thought that
dialog: it would make everything alright,
dialog: make it better.
text: He looks inquiringly at her, trying to understand. And she
dialog: breaks.
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing can ever do that Randy. I
dialog: left them here, I left them here,
dialog: my love.
text: And he opens his arms to embrace her. She falls into them,
text: and she weeps.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Later, after all the madness, Randy and Maria walk in the
text: late afternoon sun.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: So now..
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’ve been thinking of that smart
dialog: Mr. Lauder. I think I want Aunt
dialog: Adele to go and live in his little
dialog: gallery. My only condition is that
dialog: she will always be on public
text: display, for everyone to marvel at.
dialog: After all, I think she’s a little
dialog: too big for my bungalow.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: You can move house, Maria, buy
dialog: anything you want.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m quite happy where I am, thank
dialog: you. And the money can go to
dialog: relatives and good causes. I think
dialog: it’s what she would have wanted.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well, I do need a new dish-washer.
text: She winks at him jokingly, but there is a sadness in her
text: voice. Suddenly, they are approached by a young Austrian
dialog: woman, Susi.
speaker_heading: SUSI
dialog: Mrs. Altmann? I just wanted to say
dialog: how happy I am that you have got
dialog: back the paintings. I will miss
text: seeing them in the Belvedere, but
dialog: it is the right thing. For you, and
dialog: for Austria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you, my dear.
text: The young woman smiles and runs off. Maria and Randy walk in
text: silence for a couple of seconds. And then, quietly, Maria
dialog: speaks.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your grandfather would be proud of
dialog: you. Without even knowing it, you
text: have become a torchbearer.
text: He looks at her, not understanding.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: The one who keeps the memory alive,
dialog: Randy.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I didn’t do it on my own.
text: And then, a few seconds later, Randy looks up. They are
text: outside the Elizabethstrasse house. Maria is visibly moved.
text: And on the spur of the moment, she makes a decision.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Give me a moment.
text: She walks up to the entrance of the building and through the
dialog: gate.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE, STAIRWELL. DAY.
text: Maria walks up the stairs to her former home. She pushes it
dialog: Open.
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Inside, the offices of the Rail Company look like any other
text: offices - a little bland. A young man who is a RAIL COMPANY
text: EMPLOYEE walks up to her, smiling.
scene_heading: RAIL COMPANY EMPLOYEE RAIL COMPANY EMPLOYEE
speaker_heading: Can I help you? (CONT’D)
dialog: Kann Ich Ihnen helfen?
speaker_heading: MARIA MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know this house. I want to Ich kenne dieses Haus. Ich
dialog: look around. Just a few wiirde mich gern ein wenig
dialog: moments. umsehen. Nur einen
dialog: Augenblick.
text: A little baffled, he smiles.
scene_heading: RAIL COMPANY EMPLOYEE RAIL COMPANY EMPLOYEE
speaker_heading: Of course. (CONT'D)
dialog: Natiirlich.
text: And he goes back to work. Maria edges her way forward into
text: the house. And suddenly, it starts to change.
dialog: 116
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 2002 / 1930S
text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into
text: what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the
text: rooms, something rich, evocative and moving.
text: As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what she
text: sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scenes
text: from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian past:
text: First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese
text: arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and
dialog: Luise, as children.
text: Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, where
text: Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Luise,
text: now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster around
text: him, enjoying the music.
text: And then she turns and in another part of the room, she sees
text: herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirling
text: through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds to
text: the Adele room and pushes open the door.
text: She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is
text: buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its best.
text: There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of people
text: in animated discussion. She makes her way through the crowd
text: towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath the
text: Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of
text: friends as they argue passionately about politics, and art,
text: and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav
dialog: Klimt.
text: Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. And
text: finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her hand,
text: and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in German.
speaker_heading: ADELE ADELE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you. Dankeschoén.
speaker_heading: MARIA MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I did it for all of us. Ich habe es fiir uns alle
dialog: getan.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY.
text: Randy is waiting for Maria outside the house. He hears
text: something, and turns. And there she is, standing on the
text: threshold of the house. She walks towards him and when she
text: reaches him she looks slightly different - in her eyes, the
dialog: knowledge that even though the past can never be put right,
text: she has fulfilled her purpose by restoring justice. With
dialog: that, comes a relief. And she wouldn’t have been able to do
dialog: it without him. Job done.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Let’s go home, Randy. Your family
text: is waiting.
dialog: 117
scene_heading: INT. BELVEDERE GALLERY. DAY.
text: We watch a montage of the paintings’ long journey from Vienna
text: to America: being taken off the wall at the Belvedere.
text: Superimposed caption: SIXTY EIGHT YEARS AFTER THE KLIMT
text: PAINTINGS WERE LOOTED BY THE NAZIS FROM HER FAMILY, THEY WERE
text: RETURNED TO MARIA ALTMANN.
scene_heading: INT. THE BELVEDERE LOBBY. DAY.
text: And now the paintings are being carried out by staff.
scene_heading: EXT. A VIENNA STREET. DAY.
text: And as the truck traverses Vienna on its way to the airport,
text: it drives by a large bill-board advertising a local magazine
text: and the words CIAO ADELE plastered across it.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK BRIDGE. DAY.
text: And on another side of the Atlantic, another truck crosses
text: one of the bridges that lead from Queens into Manhattan.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTIES AUCTION HOUSE. DAY.
dialog: And now, the paintings are carried off this other truck
text: outside the famous auction house. Some of the staff have
dialog: gathered around.
text: Superimposed caption: FOUR OF THE PAINTINGS WENT TO AUCTION
text: AT CHRISTIES IN NEW YORK AND FETCHED A TOTAL OF $192 MILLION
speaker_heading: DOLLARS.
scene_heading: INT. NEUE GALLERIE. DAY.
text: The portrait of Adele hangs in the Neue Gallery in New York
text: and the queues snake out of the Gallery doors and round the
dialog: block.
scene_heading: Superimposed Caption: THE PORTRAIT OF ADELE BLOCH-BAUER WAS
scene_heading: PURCHASED BY RONALD LAUDER FOR $135 MILLION, THE HIGHEST
text: PRICE EVER PAID FOR A PAINTING. IT IS NOW ON PERMANENT
text: DISPLAY AT THE NEUE GALLERIE IN NEW YORK.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES PARK. DAY.
text: Randy, Pam and their three children are walking in the park -
text: one of them, JOEY, is a baby that Pam is holding. And Maria
text: is there too. Pam is taking a photograph of them all.
text: Superimposed caption: RANDY AND PAM HAD A THIRD CHILD, JOEY.
text: WITH THE MONEY EARNED FROM MARIA’S CASE RANDY SET UP HIS OWN
scene_heading: LAW FIRM IN LOS ANGELES WHICH SPECIALISES IN ART RESTITUTION
text: AND PAID FOR A NEW BUILDING FOR THE LOS ANGELES MUSEUM OF THE
text: HOLOCAUST.
dialog: 118
scene_heading: INT. HUBERTUS’ HOUSE. DAY.
text: We see Hubertus at his desk, surrounded by papers and working
text: tirelessly for justice. He takes his glasses off, rubs his
text: eyes, looking tired by his endless work.
scene_heading: Superimposed caption: HUBERTUS CZERNIN DIED IN JUNE 2006 OF A
text: RARE ILLNESS. HE WAS FIFTY YEARS OLD.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY
text: Maria is in her shop, folding sweaters. She is older,
text: frailer, but there is a quiet contentment to the way she
text: works. A woman who has fulfilled her purpose in life.
text: Superimposed caption: IN HER WILL, MARIA ALTMANN LEFT HER
text: LARGE FORTUNE TO HER MANY RELATIVES AND TO VARIOUS CHARITIES,
text: INCLUDING THE LOS ANGELES OPERA.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S BEDROOM. NIGHT.
text: And finally, we see Maria back at home, in her bed. She is
text: about to go to sleep and as she leans over to switch off her
text: bed-side lamp we see two things on the table beside her bed:
text: a photograph of her family taken on her wedding day and the
text: postcard of the portrait of her aunt Adele.
text: Superimposed caption: SHE DIED AT HER HOME IN LOS ANGELES IN
scene_heading: FEBRUARY 2011.
text: She leans over and switches off the light.
text: THE END.
scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
scene_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Alexi Kaye Campbell
dialog: y
scene_heading: THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY
dialog: www.TWCAwards.com
dialog: 
