speaker_heading: WONDERSTRUCK
dialog: Written by
dialog: Brian Selznick
dialog: Based on his illustrated novel
scene_heading: © 201(6) AMAZON.COM, INC. OR ITS AFFILIATES. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: This material is the exclusive property of AMAZON.COM, INC. OR ITS
text: AFFILIATES and is intended solely for the use of its personnel. No portion of
dialog: this script may be performed, or reproduced by any means, or quoted, or
text: published in any medium without prior written consent of AMAZON.COM,
scene_heading: INC. OR ITS AFFILIATES.
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
speaker_heading: Rising up WE HEAR:
text: The sound of a boy’s panting while he runs. His footsteps
text: crunching. Faster and faster, louder and louder.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY -—
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWY MINNESOTA WOODS - 1977 - NIGHT 1
text: The roar of some terrifying creature. We are close to the
text: BOY, age twelve, racing through the snowy dark. He is
text: terrified. He manages to glance back behind him.
text: In a shaky dark swirl we catch glimpses of what appear to be
text: animals, black against the blue snow, chasing after him. In a
text: glimpse of light their eyes flash, revealing TWO WOLVES -
text: tearing through the moonlit woods.
text: The boy tries desperately to pick up speed, dodging fallen
text: limbs and rocks along his way. Strangely, he’s barefoot, in a
text: thin tank-top and pajama bottoms, running through a dark,
text: eerie landscape.
text: Up ahead he sees a way to veer off from the path and dip down
text: along an incline. He takes the turn, tearing through brush as
text: he descends along the side of a hill into a slight recess,
text: hoping to drop out of sight.
text: Through the black mesh of trees he spots the wolves running
text: past. In relief, he exhales loudly, catching his breath. Then
text: he pulls himself up. He turns - and gasps.
text: The two wolves have reverted course and are racing right
text: towards him. Startled, he loses his footing, and stumbles to
text: the ground. His foot is tangled in some roots. He starts
text: yanking with all his might, glancing up to see:
text: The wolves are galloping toward him. Their sharp teeth glint
text: in the moonlight. We see the boy from the wolves’ point of
dialog: view.
text: The boy’s eyes flash with terror as we close in on him.
text: There’s nothing he can do. In the distance someone is calling
dialog: a name...”"Ben...Ben...Ben...”
text: We hear the boy’s SCREAM.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 2.
scene_heading: INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 2
text: BEN - the boy in the dream, a thoughtful, sullen kid - bolts
text: up in bed. His face is covered in sweat. From across the room
dialog: we hear his cousin ROBBY.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Ben!!
speaker_heading: BEN
text: (panting, still lost in
dialog: the dream)
dialog: What?
text: Ben, tangled in the sheets of a fold-up cot, is wearing the
text: same T-shirt and pajama bottoms he was wearing in the dream.
text: Robby, 14-years-old, with the beginning of a mustache,
text: switches on his lamp, knocking two hunting magazines to the
text: floor. He is sweating too and whips the blanket off him.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: What? What’s the matter? Huh? Can’t
dialog: you hear me? Are you deaf?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Stop it, Robby.
text: There is a knock from the other side of the wall.
speaker_heading: AUNT JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Go to sleep, boys!
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (returning the call)
dialog: Sorry, mom.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sorry, Aunt Jenny!
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: (without taking his eyes
dialog: off of Ben)
dialog: Shut. Up.
text: Robby makes a gun with his fingers and shoots it toward Ben,
text: then switches off his lamp and turns over in his bed.
text: We can hear the crickets for the first time.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: GUNFLINT, MINNESOTA, 1977
text: Ben eyes Robby’s side of the room, his collection of guns and
text: knives, fishing rods and hunting trophies.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 3.
text: He turns over to face the wall. A small slip of blue paper is
text: tacked there. In the moonlight it reads:
dialog: We are all in the gutter, but some
text: of us are looking at the stars.
text: He glides his fingers across the words before reaching under
text: his pillow to pull out a leather wallet. It has stitching
text: around the edges and the silhouette of a wolf stamped onto
dialog: the front.
text: Ben covers the wolf with his hand, opens the wallet and pulls
text: out a folded piece of paper. It’s a newspaper item that
dialog: reads:
dialog: February 18th, 1977, Local
dialog: Librarian Dies In Auto Accident
text: A distant tug of MUSIC stirs up a few fleeting images:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: INT. CHURCH - 1977 - DAY 3
text: Black shoes. Old people taking their seats in the pews for
text: the funeral. A tear skidding down a woman’s cheek. A
text: photograph of the woman who died, classmates sitting several
text: rows back with their parents.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: EXT. SCHOOL BUS STOP - 1977 - DAY 4
text: An egret is being drawn in ballpoint pen in a spiral
text: notebook. It sits perched on a branch behind which a
text: crosshatch predator looms, a wolf or hound.
text: We see Ben hunched over his notebook, trying to get it just
text: right. Three boys Ben’s age stare at him.
text: Ben looks away from them as a yellow Gunflint bus pulls up.
scene_heading: INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 5
text: Ben shakes himself out of the memory and looks again at the
text: newspaper clipping.
text: There’s a photograph of a pretty young woman with a ponytail,
text: the same woman in the photograph at the funeral in the
dialog: flashback.
text: Words and phrases from the article jump out at Ben: Elaine
dialog: Wilson... ice... lost control... darkness... survived by her
dialog: son, Benjamin
dialog: 
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 4.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BEN’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 6
text: There’s a small knock on Ben’s bedroom door. Ben, in bed,
text: looks up from a book on constellations. His mom, the woman
text: from the photographs, sticks her head in the room. She has a
text: her hair in a ponytail and is wearing her favorite robe.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Hey, guess what? We forgot a
dialog: present.
text: She holds up a small wrapped gift. Ben keeps reading.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Constellations.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Catch.
text: She tosses Ben the gift, but it bounces off the bed and falls
text: to the floor. He sighs and goes to pick it up. A telescope
text: with a bow on it is set up beside him, near his window.
text: His mom approaches, picking up some cellophane, a small rock,
text: and a model of a whale, which she places atop his shelf.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You really do live in a museum.
text: Ben’s shelf is in fact his own natural history museum: rocks
text: and pebbles and shells, bones and fossils, all organized into
text: groups, with hand-written explanatory cards. She turns back
text: to Ben, who is opening his last present.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you always look so sad,
dialog: Benjamin Wilson?
text: Ben ignores the remark, a practice he has recently and
text: selectively adopted. She takes a glance through the new
text: telescope as he opens up a small box.
dialog: It’s the wolf wallet, brand new.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Neat. Like the one we saw, on the
dialog: trail. Thanks, mom.
text: Elaine looks up from the telescope and smiles.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 5.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Sure, handsome.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: So...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Was my dad an astronomer?
text: Elaine's expression immediately changes, as if a curtain has
text: come down. Ben senses this but keeps talking, aware he’s on a
dialog: dangerous cliff.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Maybe that’s why I like outer space
dialog: so much. It makes sense...
text: His mom, with a forced smile, walks silently over and sits on
text: the edge of his bed.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Happy birthday, Mister twelve-year
dialog: old.
text: She gently kisses his forehead.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t stay up too long.
text: She exits the room, leaving Ben awake in bed, frustrated.
scene_heading: INT. LANDING/ELAINE'S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 7
text: Ben approaches his mom’s bedroom from the upstairs landing,
text: passing a bookshelf stuffed with old toys and science
dialog: projects.
text: Through her partly opened door he sees her smoking a
text: cigarette while standing beside an old portable record
text: player. She pulls her pony tail tighter, and walks to an
text: alcove where she has a desk. She sits. David Bowie’s “Space
text: Oddity” has begun to play.
text: Ben settles at the bedroom door as his mother closes her eyes
text: for a moment, listening to the music.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Mom?
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 6.
text: Elaine doesn’t hear him.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Mom?
text: Elaine jumps.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Jesus - God, you scared me. What
dialog: are you doing out of bed?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (taking a deep breath)
dialog: Why won’t you ever talk about him?
dialog: Other kids know their dads...
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Not now, Ben. Go back to bed.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s what I wished for, you know,
dialog: when I blew out the candles.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Another time, okay? When it’s the
dialog: right time.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s never the right time.
text: Ben turns to his mother’s mirror, which is covered in
text: postcards of famous works of art, clippings, and some of his
dialog: childhood artwork.
text: Stuck on top with a piece of tape is the small blue piece of
text: paper with the words: We are all in the gutter, but some of
text: us are looking at the stars.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What does this mean?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: What Ben?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This quote - “We are all in the
dialog: gutter but some of us are looking
dialog: at the stars.” You said it the
dialog: night we saw the shooting stars,
dialog: and now it’s on your wall. What
dialog: does it mean?
dialog: 10
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 7.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
text: (taking a deep breath,
dialog: wishing he’d go back to
dialog: sleep)
dialog: What do you think it means?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (disappointed, almost to
dialog: himself)
dialog: That’s what you always say.
scene_heading: INT. ROBBY’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 8
text: Ben, back in the cot of his cousin’s room, is looking at the
text: quote on the wall, gently tracing its edges.
text: We FOLLOW each word as he whispers them to himself:
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We are all in the gutter, but some
dialog: of us are looking at the stars...
text: The last word: “stars” fills his vision and ours, as a soft
text: swirl of MUSIC RISES...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: (1927. EVERYTHING IS NOW IN BLACK & WHITE AND SILENT, SAVE
text: THE MUSIC, WHICH CONTINUES OVER. THIS IS THE CASE FOR THE
scene_heading: ENTIRE STORY IN 1927, THROUGHOUT]
speaker_heading: BRIEF IMAGES OF:
text: A GALAXY OF STARS which we slowly glide out from.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - 1927 - DAY 9
text: THE EYES OF A YOUNG GIRL, staring up at something, a movie
dialog: screen perhaps.
scene_heading: INT. HOBOKEN GENERAL STORE - 1927 - DAY 10
text: We float out from on the word: Stars (white on black) but now
dialog: in fancy letters to reveal...
text: A 1920's fan magazine, the full headline: Our Brightest
dialog: Stars.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 8.
text: The featured actress is LILLIAN MAYHEW, a silent screen star
text: with large eyes, a tiny mouth and long hair.
text: A girl's hand caresses the page.
dialog: Then - RIP!
text: We see ROSE, a twelve-year-old girl, tear the page out of the
text: magazine. Long blonde hair, a simple light dress. Intense,
dialog: determined. Sad.
text: The SHOPKEEPER, hearing the noise, looks up, spots Rose and
text: starts yelling (though we do not hear any sounds).
text: A mother and daughter shopping nearby turn to look at the
dialog: commotion.
text: Rose, with the torn page in her hand, runs past the mother
text: and daughter, out of the store. The mother pulls her daughter
text: closer, as if out of danger.
text: The shopkeeper yells after Rose as she runs off down the
dialog: street. What a strange little girl...
scene_heading: EXT. HOBOKEN RIVER BANK - 1927 - DAY 11
text: Rose is now hurrying to a small clearing at the rocky edge of
dialog: the Hudson river.
text: She rushes to retrieve paper and pencil from her bag, with
text: the urgent need to express herself, even in her solitude.
text: With a shaking hand she writes across the paper: HELP ME!
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: HOBOKEN, NEW JERSEY, 1927
text: She then begins to fold up the piece of paper.
text: She tucks and folds the paper until she’s made...a little
dialog: boat.
text: She sets the boat onto the surface of the river.
text: She watches it as it floats precariously off towards
dialog: Manhattan - and the Fates.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DOCKS - 1977 - NIGHT 12
text: We see and hear boats knocking against each other in the
dialog: water.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 9.
scene_heading: INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 13
text: Ben lies awake in bed, listening to the sound of the boats.
text: He sees something out the window.
text: Ben wiggles out of bed and grabs a red flashlight from his
dialog: cousin Robby’s shelf.
scene_heading: EXT. MINNESOTA WOODS - 1977 - NIGHT 14
text: Ben walks out of his aunt’s house along a small path leading
text: to the house next door. The house looks very much like his
text: aunt’s house, though it seems to have been abandoned. But
text: what’s drawn Ben is the strange, inexplicable fact that a
text: light has been turned on from inside the second floor, the
text: only interior light burning at this hour.
dialog: As we will soon learn, this is the house Ben and his mother
dialog: lived in, that Ben grew up in, until his mother died suddenly
dialog: and nothing in his life would ever be the same.
text: Ben walks silently past the knocking boats on his way toward
text: the lit windows of his old house. On the way he also passes a
text: small cabin that appears to have been shuttered for some
dialog: time.
text: Leaves crunch underfoot as Ben nears his old house,
text: approaching from the rear. He stops a moment when he sees the
text: back door is open. He thinks he hears something buzzing from
dialog: within. A voice?
text: He continues approaching, quietly.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 15
text: He realizes how loudly he’s breathing and stops for a moment,
text: suddenly understanding: it’s a record playing inside - the
dialog: song “Space Oddity.”
text: He switches on his flashlight and continues slowly into the
text: house. It all feels very spooky, like some sort of frozen
dialog: memory.
text: Most of the furniture is stacked or covered, standing beside
text: piles of sealed-up boxes and kitchenware still stacked on
text: counters, as if someone had begun to pack up the house but
dialog: never got around to finishing it.
text: Ben walks up the stairs.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 10.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - 1977 - NIGHT 16
text: Ben’s heart is pounding as he slowly walks down the hallway,
text: past his old room, towards the source of the light, and the
text: music: his mother’s door.
text: It’s open slightly. He’s about to give it a shove when -
text: A shadow moves across the floor.
text: He stops.
text: He smells something, the smoke from her cigarettes...
text: Through the crack in the doorway he sees something
text: unbelievable...a blonde woman with a ponytail wearing his
dialog: mother’s favorite robe.
text: Ben’s hand is trembling.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Mom? Are you...
text: He pushes open the door.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY 17
text: Rose is clearing the surface of her cluttered desk with one
text: swipe. She is carefully loading a brush full of rubber cement
text: onto the back of her clipping, coating the edges. She is
text: carefully placing it in a large bound scrapbook and pressing
text: down the corners. We can make out part of what it says as she
dialog: blows on it to dry:
dialog: Will our brightest star turn out to be a permanent fixture in
text: the heavens, or will she be a comet, who burns brightly for a
text: brief moment and then vanishes?
text: She returns a toppled post-card from its place on her window
text: sill. The card reads: Feb., 1927 - Happy Birthday, Rose, Love
dialog: Walter and is addressed to: Miss Rose Kincaid, 168 River
dialog: Street, Hoboken NJ.
text: Mostly dry, Rose begins to flip back through the pages. We
dialog: see the articles and ephemera Rose has collected, the dates
text: moving backwards through time as she flips from back to
dialog: front:
dialog: Is Lillian’s Career Over?
dialog: 18
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 11.
dialog: SCANDAL! A Divorce In Hollywood!
dialog: Mayhew Shocker! - Movie Star Journeys With Young Actor
text: There’s a small advertisement for a movie:
text: FORBIDDEN LOVE, Starring Lillian Mayhew
dialog: Lillian Mayhew’s Seventh Hit Picture In A Row
dialog: Young Actress Marries Doctor
dialog: Lillian Mayhew Is Engaged
dialog: Mayhew Glows in Debut - A New Star On The Horizon?
text: Rose closes the scrapbook and gazes out her window a moment
dialog: in thought.
text: Out the window, through a break in the trees, is a piece of
text: the Manhattan skyline that Rose has stared at every day of
dialog: her life.
text: As we DRIFT back into Rose’s room, past her lace curtains and
text: across her shelves of books, we find that she too has a tiny
text: world on display on the shelves of her room, but hers is a
text: hand-made skyline. Countless buildings she has made from
text: newsprint and magazine and paper line her shelves as if the
text: city she longs for across the water has tumbled into her
dialog: room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 18
text: Light spills onto Ben’s darkened face as he stares into his
dialog: mother’s old room -
text: His MOTHER, like a ghost, with her back to him, is dancing to
text: the music. She is smoking a cigarette. She nonchalantly
text: reaches up to pull her pony tail tighter.
text: Ben drops his flashlight and gasps.
text: His mom turns.
text: But it’s not his mom! It’s his cousin JANET, a teenage girl,
text: with big glasses.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Ben!
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 12.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Janet!
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No! What are you doing here? This
dialog: isn’t your house! Those aren’t your
dialog: clothes! You...
text: He wipes his eyes, feeling stupid and angry for having
dialog: thought it might actually have been his mom.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (to herself, mortified)
dialog: I knew I shouldn’t have turned on
dialog: the light. Benji, I...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You smoke?
text: She looks down at her hand, as if noticing the cigarette for
text: the first time, and quickly stubs it out.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: No! I mean... Oh god, please don’t
dialog: tell my parents! They’1l kill me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t understand! You’re wearing
dialog: my mom’s clothes!
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Benji, I’m so sorry. This was
dialog: supposed to be my secret place - I
dialog: just needed - somewhere -
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I can’t look at you like that!
text: Ben backs up into the record player. The arm skips across the
text: record making a terrible noise.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes. I’m fine.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Benji?
speaker_heading: WONDERSTRUCK
text: Ben turns away.
speaker_heading: JANET (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Ben sits on the bed.
text: Janet slips off the robe she’d put on (the same one his
text: mother wore in his birthday memory). Beneath it Janet is
text: wearing cut-off jeans and a tank top.
text: Ben watches as she dutifully puts the record back in its
dialog: 13.
text: sleeve, adjusting her glasses and pulling out her ponytail.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Are your parents going to sell this
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I've heard them talking about it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Why can’t I just move back in? It’s
dialog: my house.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I know. And Robby's kind of a pest.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If I knew where my dad was...I
dialog: could just...
text: She watches him a moment.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You still having those nightmares?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not... Sometimes.
text: Janet isn’t sure she’s making him feel any better and starts
text: collecting her things.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Come on. We should go home
dialog: probably.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I am home.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I know... I meant-
dialog: 19
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 14.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You go. I want to stay here a
dialog: little longer.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I don’t know if that’s such a good
dialog: idea. There’s supposed to be storms-
text: Ben doesn’t move. He just stares straight ahead.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I won’t tell your parents.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That you were smoking. Just let me
dialog: stay a little longer.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You really won’t tell? Seriously?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I swear.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Oh my God. Then I completely owe
dialog: you a favor, Benji. For real.
text: Janet pauses a moment. Ben looks up at her then back down.
speaker_heading: JANET (CONT'D)
dialog: (gently) We all miss her, you know.
text: Ben furrows his brow.
speaker_heading: JANET (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t stay too long, okay?
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. HOBOKEN STREET - 1927 - DAY 19
text: MUSIC. Rose approaches a bustling downtown block. In the
text: center of it all is a cinema.
text: The marquee reads: Lillian Mayhew in DAUGHTER OF THE STORM
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 15.
scene_heading: INT. HOBOKEN CINEMA - 1927 - DAY 20
text: MUSIC hushes as Rose slips into the darkening theater and
text: takes her seat.
text: Curtains gather as an ORGANIST, a balding man with strange
text: tufts of hair, takes his seat.
text: The lights go down.
scene_heading: INT. HOBOKEN CINEMA - 1927 - DAY 21
text: The flickering light of a projector almost blinds us.
text: From the first pre-credit logo for Artcraft Pictures, Rose is
dialog: transported.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: DAUGHTER OF THE STORM
text: TITLE CARD: Starring Lillian Mayhew
text: Rose's face lights up at the name on screen.
text: ON SCREEN: the silent film IRISES UP on a hillside covered in
text: tall grass. The wind is blowing fiercely and a storm is
text: coming in. The rain picks up as two dying trees are rattled
text: in the wind.
text: Into this scene comes LILLIAN MAYHEW as the terrified Young
text: Mother, carrying her baby in a blanket.
text: CLOSE-UP of Young Mother, her eyes wide, the baby asleep in
text: her arms.
text: TITLE CARD: “Oh no! The storm has arrived!”
text: ON SCREEN: a shriek of organ over a flash of lightning
dialog: (silent movie style.)
text: Rose stares up at the screen.
text: The Young Mother sees a small cabin in the distance.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 22
text: Ben looks around the room, not sure what to do with his
dialog: sudden liberty.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 16.
text: He opens up a drawer and examines its contents, and then the
text: next. At first it’s embarrassing, seeing his mother’s private
text: intimate things, but soon he finds himself opening every one
text: of her drawers as if unable to stop himself.
text: In one, he finds an old coffee tin and lifts the plastic lid
text: off of it. Inside he finds a wad of cash, a sort of rainy day
text: fund his mother must have kept hidden. He lifts out the wad
dialog: to see if there’s anything else in the tin before replacing
text: it with the cash and lid back inside the drawer, and resuming
text: his meander.
text: Then, in the bottom drawer, Ben spots something truly
text: strange. Something wrapped in a brown paper bag that’s been
text: wrapped up for a very long time. Just as Ben takes hold of it
text: in his hand -
text: A boom of thunder crashes as Ben carefully unfolds the brown
text: paper bag and reaches inside.
text: It’s a very old, blue book. On the back cover he reads:
dialog: Published by The American Museum of Natural History, New
dialog: York, New York
text: He turns the book over. Its title stamped in faded black
dialog: letters:
speaker_heading: WONDERSTRUCK
text: BANG - another crash of thunder makes Ben jump. He peers out
text: through the window.
text: Another BOLT and FLASH throttle the room, sending the house
text: into sudden darkness.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Whispering to himself)
dialog: No no no no no!
text: Ben tries the lamp. Nothing.
text: He spots the red flashlight and switches it on.
text: He moves the beam around the room, then settles back into the
text: bed. He waits a moment. In the quiet, he turns the flashlight
dialog: towards the book.
text: He opens up the old blue book and reads the first passage.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “A curator’s job is an important
dialog: one, for it is the curator who
text: decides what belongs in the museum.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 17.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In a way, anyone who collects
dialog: things in the privacy of his own
dialog: home is a curator..."
text: As Ben continues reading we begin to DRIFT...
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 23
text: WE FLOAT down the hallway, into Ben’s old room, to his old
text: collection of objects, left behind in the dark... as if the
dialog: book were describing him.
text: As his V.O. continues we survey his rows of shells and
text: strangely shaped stones and teeth and tiny animal skulls, the
text: fossils, pinecones, leaves from local trees, all arranged
text: with handwritten cards annotating every find...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O., READING)
dialog: “But how did the very first
dialog: curators store their collections?
dialog: They were kept in pieces of
dialog: furniture called Cabinets of
dialog: Wonder. Eventually, some
dialog: collections grew beyond the
text: confines of a single cabinet and
dialog: took over entire rooms. See figure
dialog: 9.”
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 24
text: Ben, still reading on his mother’s bed, turns the page to:
dialog: Figure 9.
text: Lit by the red flashlight, the double-page spread features an
text: ancient engraving of a CABINET OF WONDERS.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Oh...my god.
text: We see what he sees...a cabinet, perhaps, but of such extreme
text: unfoldability it appears to consume an entire room, leaving
text: little more than the edge of its checkerboard floor. The
text: endless drawers and shelves, filled with strange and various
text: objects - stuffed reptiles, decapitated heads, dried fish,
text: skeleton insects, to name but a few - all unfold from an
text: intricately carved central cabinet, crowned with a crest of
text: sea shells and coral. A giraffe’s head peeks up from one edge
dialog: of the cabinet.
text: Ben's finger moves across the drawing, as if trying to touch
text: everything in it. Then he turns the page.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 18.
text: There, pressed against the spine of the book, is an old
text: yellow bookmark. He pulls it out for examination.
text: The old, dog-eared relic depicts a burnt-red sketch of a
dialog: bookstore, beneath which is printed: Kincaid Books 165 West
scene_heading: 73rd street, New York, New York, 10024. 212 623 0723
text: He turns it over.
text: There, on the back, in black ink, someone has written:
dialog: Elaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOBOKEN CINEMA - 1927 - DAY 25
scene_heading: [SCENES FROM DAUGHTER OF THE STORM]
dialog: TITLE CARD: “Where can we find shelter from the storm?”
text: ON SCREEN: The Young Mother cradles a Baby in her arms.
text: In a murky LONG SHOT, the Young Mother runs out from under
text: the sheltering trees into a wild forest, wracked by savage
text: winds. Her hair whips and twists in the gale.
text: In CLOSE UP, the Young Mother looks around desperately for
dialog: protection.
text: She spots something: a cabin in the distance (shot in
dialog: miniature...antique special effects).
text: Her face brightens with hope and she begins to run towards
dialog: the cabin.
text: But the organ MUSIC blares as the wind picks up. And the
text: miniature cabin trembles in the terrible gust, which pulls
text: off its roof and sweeps it away. Soon the rest of the house
text: shakes, buckles and falls down, pulled by tiny threads.
text: The Young Mother screams and collapses in fright, covering
text: her Baby for protection, raising a single hand towards god.
text: In the audience, Rose watches the silent film intensely.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 26
text: Outside, pounding thunder and flashing lightning.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 19.
text: The bookmark shakes in Ben’s fingers. He looks again at the
dialog: words: Elaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Danny...
text: Ben turns the bookmark over and scans the address at the
text: bottom for the phone number of the bookstore.
text: A powder-blue phone is sitting on the night stand, within
dialog: reach.
text: Ben picks up the receiver and holds it against his good ear.
text: He dials the number printed on the bookmark. The storm grows.
text: Each number rolls slowly around the rotary dial - 8...7...6 -
text: with each one Ben’s heart beats faster - 8...8...9...0 ... He
text: watches the dial pivot back around the final time.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He hears a click - then:
text: A headbusting BOOM OF THUNDER and BOLT OF LIGHTNING that hits
text: the house and sears the world with electric visions.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOBOKEN CINEMA - 1927 - DAY 27
text: MUSIC peaks over
text: A RAPID MONTAGE of audience faces, mouths open, eyes wide,
text: some with tears, lit by cinema light. Then blackness.
scene_heading: FADE-UP TITLE CARD: The End (and below in smaller letters):
dialog: An Artcraft Pictures Production
text: The curtains unfurl and the house lights rise.
text: Rose wipes her eyes, all-too-quickly back to earth.
scene_heading: EXT. HOBOKEN THEATER - CONTINUOUS - 1927 - DAY 28
text: MUSIC hangs as the theater lets out and a large truck pulls
text: up out front. It has begun to rain. Umbrellas are opening.
text: Rose makes her way along the side of the truck, which reads:
text: Vitaphone Sound Company. It’s rear door swings open, nearly
text: knocking her down.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
text: WONDERSTRUCK 20.
text: Workers stream past, setting a ramp, and starting to haul
text: wood crates out of the truck and onto dolly’s.
text: MUSIC darkens as a THEATER EMPLOYEE, up on a ladder, unfurls
text: a banner from the marquee which reads: This Cinema Will Be
text: Closed During Installation of Hoboken’s First SOUND SYSTEM!
dialog: Experience 100% All Talking! See And HEAR Your Favorite
dialog: Stars!
text: Rose is reading: See And HEAR...
dialog: HEAR...!
text: Suddenly stricken, rain pelting, MUSIC taunting - Rose turns
text: and runs off the main street, as the skies open.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 29
text: Ben’s eyes flutter open.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: He finds himself lying on the floor of his mom’s room.
text: Peaceful in the silence. The storm must have passed.
dialog: But something's wrong.
text: The blue receiver is lying on the floor out of reach, black
text: and smoldering.
text: The old book he found, soft-cover blue, lies open behind him,
text: face down on the ground.
text: With a strange slowness Ben turns his head towards the
text: window. He sees rain still falling, shaking the trees, and
text: lightning still flashing from the sky... yet there is still
text: no sound. No sound at all.
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - 1977 - NIGHT 30
text: DOCTORS rush an active gurney down a long white hall,
text: connected to other life-sustaining equipment on wheels.
text: NURSES lean in with anxious eyes, adjusting tubes, recording
dialog: figures.
text: Fluorescent lights flash by overhead.
dialog: 31
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 21.
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA HOSPITAL -ROOM - 1977 - NEXT MORNING 31
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: Ben’s face. His eyes wide open. He sits up suddenly.
text: AUNT JENNY is sitting on the bed, dressed in her work uniform
text: (her name, “Jenny,” stitched into her brown blouse). She
text: looks exhausted and scared, as Janet looks on beside her.
text: Robby sits sulking in the corner. Aunt Jenny strokes Ben's
text: hair and speaks to him, but we don’t hear any sound.
text: Ben looks back, and tries to reply, but the sound of his
text: voice has been replaced by a deeply buried echo.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Where am I? What happened?
text: It sounds more like the memory of a voice than anything
dialog: anyone could actually hear.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (Mouthing the words...)
dialog: What’s wrong? Hello? Hello?
text: Aunt Jenny puts a finger to her mouth, mouthing: “Shhh,”
text: indicating that she can hear him.
text: The nurse hands Jenny a clipboard with a piece of paper, and
text: a pen. Aunt Jenny writes something down. She shows what she’s
dialog: written to Ben:
dialog: It’s OK. You had an accident.
text: Ben doesn’t understand.
text: Jenny crosses out what she wrote. She turns the pad around so
text: Ben can see and draws a simple house - a box with a triangle
text: on top. She adds a curly telephone line and a stick figure
text: holding the line to his ear.
dialog: 
text: She draws a storm cloud over the house, and a jagged
text: lightning bolt coming out of the cloud, hitting the house.
text: Then she traces a line from the lightning bolt, through the
text: house, through the telephone wire, into the stick figure’s
dialog: head.
text: Ben’s watches with wide, stricken eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (mouthing the words)
dialog: I don’t remember.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 22.
text: He grabs the pen and paper and writes: I can’t talk!
dialog: Aunt Jenny writes back: Yes you can. You just can’t hear
dialog: yourself.
dialog: Then she underlines the word: yourself
text: Ben, overwhelmed by everything, looks around helplessly as he
text: rests his head on the pillow. Jenny kisses his temple to try
dialog: to comfort him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S HOUSE - 1927 - NIGHT 32
text: The storm has ended. Rose hurries in the front door of the
text: house, soaked from the rain. She runs up the stairs to her
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - 1927 - NIGHT 33
text: She shuts the door behind her and turns with a start when -
text: MUSIC striking - someone stamps their foot on the floor. It’s
text: her father, DOCTOR KINCAID, a large man in an expensive suit
text: who has been waiting for her in the corner of her room. He is
dialog: glaring.
text: He stands, wagging his finger and scolding her in rage (in
dialog: words we do not hear but can certainly imagine):
speaker_heading: DOCTOR KINCAID
dialog: Look at you! Just LOOK at you! Do
dialog: you have any idea what trouble and
dialog: worry you inflict on this home? Do
dialog: you?! How in God’s name do you
dialog: continue to abuse the liberty I
dialog: extend you - and throw it in my
dialog: face? Why I have half a mind to...
text: He remembers the note he wrote, which he thrusts out for her
dialog: ("Here - read!”):
dialog: You are in serious trouble, young lady! Your teacher comes
dialog: tomorrow. Study his book!
text: He shoves a large black book into Rose’s hands and storms out
text: of his daughter’s room, slamming the door behind him.
text: Rose looks down at the large black book, reading its full
dialog: title for the first time:
text: TEACHING THE DEAF TO LIP-READ AND SPEAK
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 23.
dialog: by Dr. T.M. Gill
text: Rose crumples onto her bed, as if from its sheer weight. She
text: yanks open the book across her lap.
text: Its Introduction immediately proclaims:
dialog: A Deaf Child Must Learn To Speak!
text: Rose stares at the words. She turns the page again. Chapter
dialog: One: The Elements Classified, starting with: Mouth Cavity,
text: this above a lurid illustration of a splayed-open mouth, that
text: looks as if it were screaming. The anatomical parts are all
text: clinically labeled in white darts.
speaker_heading: RIP!
text: Rose tears the lurid page from the big black book like she
text: tore out the page from the movie magazine in the drug store:
text: fast. She slams the book shut and looks off into space.
text: Upset, she cracks open her bedroom door and looks down below.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - 1927 - DAY 34
text: Downstairs, PEARL, the maid, a young attractive woman with a
text: short stylish bob, enters from the kitchen. She is carrying a
text: large silver tray bearing a tea service into the living room.
text: She sets it down on a central table in front of where Doctor
text: Kincaid sits. The BUTLER stands by his side, awaiting orders.
text: When the Maid starts to go, Doctor Kincaid signals her back,
text: appearing to give her further instructions while checking his
text: watch, unaware Rose is watching from above.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - 1927 - DAY 35
text: Rose slowly closes her door and retreats back into her room.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - ROOM - 1977 - DAY 36
speaker_heading: SOUND.
text: Blinds are being pulled, letting hot morning light rush in. A
text: machine beeps.
text: Ben’s eyes, squinting open. Blinking at the blurry light.
text: Slowly remembering where he is.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
text: WONDERSTRUCK 24.
scene_heading: EXT. DULUTH CITY SKYLINE - 1977 - DAY 37
text: Through the glass, shifting focus, the bus station across the
text: street comes slowly into view.
dialog: The sign reads: Duluth Station
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - ROOM - 1977 - DAY 38
text: Ben sees the bus station outside. He gets an idea.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - 1927 - DAY 39
text: It’s morning, and MUSIC marks the arrival of new paper
text: skyscrapers, perched on Rose’s desk. She has made them from
text: various screaming-talking-mouth pictures from the big black
text: book. The result are several silent screaming buildings added
text: to her miniature skyline.
text: Asleep at her desk amidst the scraps and scissors, Rose’s
text: eyes suddenly twitch - a vibration felt from downstairs - and
text: she blinks herself awake.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - LATER - 1927 - DAY 40
text: Rose sits alone with her father at the breakfast table,
text: trying to avoid his gaze.
text: Her father glares at her suspiciously between bites of eggs
text: and sausage while attempting to read the paper.
text: Rose catches one of his steely looks and turns away, staring
text: into her breakfast plate. He waves his hand in front of her
text: and points to the salt. She passes it. His eyes linger,
dialog: staring.
text: He salts his eggs and straightens the paper with a mighty
text: shake. He turns the page of his newspaper.
text: An article has been cut out of the center of the last page
text: and Doctor Kincaid glares through the telltale hole at the
text: guilty face of his daughter.
text: He lowers the paper and starts yelling (though we don’t hear
text: him), unleashing far more than the minor infraction deserves.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
text: WONDERSTRUCK 25.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR KINCAID
dialog: Rose! For god’s sake I can’t take
dialog: it any more! You cut everything to
dialog: shreds! Everything! Go to your
dialog: room! Now!
dialog: (he points upstairs)
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY Al
text: Rose quickly gathers her belongings - clothes, books,
text: essentials - and begins stuffing them into her embroidered
dialog: bag.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - 1927 - DAY 42
text: Down below, a black car, driven by a MAN in a black coat and
text: hat, pulls up beneath the large tree outside Rose’s window.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS - 1927 - DAY 43
text: Rose moves to her desk where WE LAND on a cut-out newspaper
text: article - an article bearing the identical shape to the piece
text: missing from her father’s paper.
text: Above a photo of Lillian Mayhew, the headline reads:
text: MAYHEW TO STAR ON NEW YORK STAGE
dialog: Famous Actress Will Shine Anew
text: Rose takes her postcard from her window-sill, the one that
dialog: reads:
dialog: Happy Birthday Rose, Love your brother Walter
text: She reads it once more before resting it on top of her
text: newspaper clipping. But then Rose stops, turning toward the
text: window, suddenly sensing the signs of a downstairs arrival,
dialog: and an unwanted one at that.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSE’S HOUSE - 1927 - DAY 44
text: The man exits the car and walks to the front door of the
text: house and knocks.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
text: WONDERSTRUCK 26.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - 1927 - DAY 45
text: Rose stuffs the scrapbook and post-card into her embroidered
text: bag, which she hoists over her shoulder.
text: She grabs her coat and hurries to open her door, but stops in
text: her tracks once she looks down below.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - FOYER - 1927 - DAY 46
text: The Butler opens the front door, revealing the man in the
dialog: black coat, Dr. T.M. Gill, the author of the book on lip
text: reading, and her despised teacher. Doctor Kincaid rises from
text: his chair to greet him.
scene_heading: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - 1927 - DAY 47
text: Rose returns to her room and looks around. She checks herself
text: in the mirror. She’s going to do something dramatic...
text: She grabs a pair of scissors lying on her desk, grabs a
text: length of her hair and methodically cuts it off.
text: Below the mirror is an opened magazine. There is a large
text: advertisement on the page with a photo of an attractive
dialog: woman, the text: Bobs Waved for 1¢
text: Rose stares at herself for half a second more, then grabs
text: another fist of hair and resumes cutting.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - 1977 - DAY 48
text: DISTANT MUFFLED SOUND. Through glass windows at the far end
text: of the floor, we can see Aunt Jenny surrounded by several
text: NURSES. She is yelling at them, frantic and angry, with Robby
text: and Janet in tow.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: "Sorry" is unacceptable! And you
dialog: need to get the police on the phone
dialog: right now. They need to be coming
dialog: here!
text: Janet, stricken, looks back towards Ben’s hospital room,
text: through all the windows and glass doors, framed like a
text: diorama. We see that Ben’s bed is empty.
text: Guilt and anxiety wash over Janet’s face.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 27.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - 1977 - DAY 49
text: SOUND. One of the buses from the Duluth station is speeding
text: along the highway.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - STAIRCASE/ROSE'’S BEDROOM - 1927 - DAY 50
text: MUSIC. Rose’s father and Dr. T.M. Gill walk up the stairs to
text: Rose’s room. Rose’s father opens the door but is stunned when
text: he looks inside. The room is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSE’S HOUSE - 1927 - CONTINUOUS 51
text: The back door swings closed. Rose is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. HOBOKEN FERRY TERMINAL - 1927 - DAY 52
text: MUSIC rallies as Rose, with her newly shorn hair, hurries
text: toward a swarm of people clustered outside the Hoboken Ferry
text: Terminal. She adjusts her coat and before she knows it she is
text: swept up in the moving crowd boarding the ferry to Manhattan,
text: swallowed up by the snaking masses.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY 53
text: Rose finds a place amidst the crowds on the observation deck
text: of the ferry. Huddled there among strangers she slips her
text: hand inside her bag and carefully fishes out the newspaper
text: clipping.
text: As she unfolds it a gust of wind seizes the clipping from her
text: hand and it goes sailing. Rose looks around anxiously for the
text: clipping and sees it settle among the small forest of legs.
text: But when she goes to retrieve it the wind beats her to it and
text: it goes flying again. From one passenger’s leg to another she
text: follows the sailing culprit, squeezing past bodies as she
dialog: goes.
text: Finally, near the railing, she seizes hold of it, clutching
text: it tightly in her hands and cupping it upright to read again:
text: MAYHEW TO STAR ON NEW YORK STAGE
text: Rose smiles to herself with great excitement, looking up.
text: There, through the misty skies: the beckoning New York
text: skyline. She’s on her way at last!
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 28.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BUS - 1977 - DAY 54
text: NEAR SILENCE. Ben has already been on the bus for a long
text: time. He looks around the bus. There is a green army satchel
text: wedged between his legs.
text: There are several conversations around him, though he can’t
dialog: hear them, nor can we.
text: A large BLACK WOMAN is sitting two rows in front of him. He
text: looks up at her, and it’s as if he’s aware of the echo of her
text: voice in the far far distance.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ON BUS
dialog: (talking to someone across
dialog: the aisle from her.)
dialog: .-- Not to me he doesn’t, no sir -
dialog: Can you believe that? I don’t know
dialog: what he’s thinking, that boy... And
dialog: I’m his mother...
text: He stares at her mouth as she continues to talk.
text: The bus shakes and rattles in silence. Ben sneaks his wallet
text: out of his satchel. He peeks inside, revealing a thick wad of
text: bills, obviously taken from his mother’s rainy day fund.
text: Ben looks out the dirty window but can’t see anything. He
text: tries to peer through the grime to where he’s headed.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - 1977 - NIGHT 55
text: SILENCE. Ben is sleeping. The talking woman is gone, as are
text: most of the people from earlier on. His satchel is still on
text: his lap.
text: The bus enters a tunnel. The lights inside the tunnel flash
text: by at regular intervals, illuminating Ben, asleep.
text: He looks up at the blurred-out city lights swirling through
text: the bus window. He rubs his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT - 1977 56
text: The bus turns into the Port Authority terminal as the city
text: glitters around it.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
text: WONDERSTRUCK 29.
scene_heading: INT. PORT AUTHORITY - BUS LOADING - 1977 - NIGHT 57
text: SOUND - We see the bus coming to a stop. The hissing brake,
text: the clattering door, and then the hum behind that - a brew of
text: blurry barking station announcements, revving engines,
text: echoing voices.
text: Ben is one of the last people off the bus. He exits into the
text: dim station, full of dark shadowy corners. There is garbage
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. PORT AUTHORITY - LOWER LEVEL - 1977 - NIGHT 58
text: Inside, the filthy orange tiles and brown bricks do little to
text: warm the place up. Clumps of people sit or sleep against
text: their bags, huddled on benches or against walls, some beneath
text: sheets of cardboard. He sees a woman rooting through a
dialog: garbage can.
text: A clock on the wall reads 3:46 AM.
text: SILENCE. Ben tries to figure out which way to head. He
text: wanders upstairs to a dank waiting lounge and looks around
text: for a spot he can settle into.
text: He finds a dark corner, near a cigarette machine, and sinks
text: down onto a plastic seat, clutching his bag like armor.
text: As he tries to close his eyes we DRIFT OFF slowly, across the
text: sad and lonely lounge, where other clumps of lonely people
dialog: have settled in for the night.
dialog: 
text: MUSIC rises like a tonic as
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN FERRY TERMINAL - NYC - 1927 - DAY 59
text: MUSIC accompanies Rose as she moves along amid the great sea
text: of bodies arriving in New York, clutching her bag as she
dialog: goes.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - 1927 - DAY 60
text: Rose turns and finds herself in the flow of a bustling
dialog: downtown street.
text: A river of sharp clothes and brisk walkers, leather purses
text: and black lunch-boxes, lead her along.
text: WONDERSTRUCK 30.
text: Smart stores flickering by, smart women with short bobs and
text: tight cloches. And a stream of businessmen in flat straw-hats
dialog: and fedoras.
text: Rose continues on, caught between the seamless flow and the
text: constant jostle, the snaking traffic and corner venders,
text: dwarfed and elevated by everything she sees.
text: She looks up - and what a sight! Buildings jutting into the
text: sky, grande facades and streamline splendor. Chrome and
text: steel, brick and stone. Hard sharp shadows.
text: In the distance, the jutting spines of new construction,
text: shooting lines of steel into the sky.
text: Dizzy with the sights Rose walks headlong towards a horse and
text: carriage making a sudden turn onto a cross-street.
text: Startled, Rose falls backwards into a MALE PEDESTRIAN, and
text: hits the ground. The Pedestrian glances back with a flash of
text: annoyance as he marches on.
text: Rose watches as the crowd resumes its busy pace, marching
text: past her, oblivious.
text: Rose, still on the ground, looks up to see a young WORKMAN in
text: a cap, offering her his hand. She accepts his help and he
text: gets her to her feet again.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Give me your hand, it’s all right.
dialog: There you go.
text: As he chats with her, soundlessly, she struggles to retrieve
text: her newspaper clipping.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: First time in the city? Must be
dialog: from the look on your face. Got to
dialog: be careful out here. If it’s not
dialog: the horse and carriages that get
dialog: you it’1ll be the cabs that knock
dialog: you down... What’s that there?
text: She opens up the clipping and holds it out to him,
text: questioningly. The Workman looks back at her, not
text: understanding her lack of response. She points to the address
text: of the Promenade Theater, framed at the bottom of the article
text: until he nods, finally, smiling, and pointing up and over
text: from where they are standing.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, your best bet is probably the
text: uptown streetcar.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 31.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN (CONT'D)
text: Just head up over to Broadway, one
text: block over and two blocks up.
dialog: That's right...
text: Rose nods ‘thank you’ and smiles in return. The Workman
text: resumes his duties and she heads on her way.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT/EXT. PORT AUTHORITY AND MIDTOWN STREET (42ND ST & 8TH 61
scene_heading: AVE) - 1977 - DAY
text: SOUND. Ben wakes up and walks through the station, coming to
text: the doors of Port Authority. He pushes through the doors into
text: the swarming, teaming fray. What does he see?
text: People of every shape and size and color, hurtling past him,
text: the swirling steaming, dirty city, a riot of bright colors
text: and patterns. New York is in the middle of a heat wave and
text: everyone sweats and burns. Ben is thrilled, overwhelmed,
text: frightened, but knows he has a mission...
text: He looks up at the nearest street sign which reads: 42nd
text: Street. He steps beside a security booth, reaches into his
text: pocket and takes out his wolf wallet. He carefully retrieves
text: the old bookmark, turns it over to inspect the address of the
dialog: bookstore it came from: Kincaid’s Books, West 73rd Street
text: Ben turns to look back behind him. A block away: 41st street.
text: Satisfied, he turns back around, puts the bookmark and wallet
text: away, and sets off on his journey.
text: He forges past the glaring teeth of taxis and dirty buses,
text: joining the other pedestrians crossing the street. Suddenly
text: he is among their shiny stringy bodies, the clashing colors
text: of their skimpy clothes.
text: At the corner, Jazz-funk MUSIC blares from a passing car. A
text: newsstand is stuffed with daily papers shouting out bold-face
dialog: headlines.
text: He continues uptown, into the smells and haze and beating
dialog: sun.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN STREET (44TH ST & 9TH AVE) - 1977 - DAY 62
text: SILENCE. Ben watches as the city passes by, trying to guard
text: his emotions. Inside, though, he can’t believe his eyes.
text: Crumbling tenements, graffiti covered walls, shattered
text: windows, garbage.
dialog: 63
text: WONDERSTRUCK 32.
text: And the faces of people sitting on stoops or standing on
text: corners, staring back at him as if he a stranger from another
dialog: planet. At least that’s what it feels like to him, walking
text: uptown.
text: Suddenly - he is bumped hard by someone passing by - and
text: SOUND rips in - screaming sirens, barking dogs.
text: Ben spots a hot dog vendor at the corner. He is starving.
text: He takes out his wallet and rifles for a single dollar. A
text: HAND comes out of the crowd and snatches it.
text: Ben looks up in a panic, and spots the THIEF running away.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey! Stop! Give that back!
text: Ben tears off after him. He sees the thief tossing something
text: behind him before vanishing around a corner.
text: Ben squeezes past an elderly couple and spots something up
text: ahead, dropped in the gutter.
dialog: It’s his wallet.
text: Ben snatches it up and hovers near a doorway. His money is
text: gone but he’s relieved to see that both the article about his
dialog: mother and the quote about the stars have survived.
text: Dejected, starving, and without any money, Ben puts the
text: wallet back into his pocket. He forges ahead into the silent
dialog: madness.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - STREETS - 1927 - DAY 63
text: MUSIC. The windows of a city trolley flicker by, cascading
text: past faces and silvery reflections until we come to Rose, her
text: face pushed against the window, a crack of wind in her hair.
text: The trolley comes to a stop and we follow as she makes her
text: way out the door and back onto the street. She looks around
text: for a street sign and hurries across the street.
text: She turns a corner, and there it is. The Promenade Theater.
text: She approaches the grand, arching facade and stops to read
dialog: the marquee:
text: Lillian Mayhew in MY MOTHER’S ADVICE. Tomorrow at 8
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 33.
scene_heading: EXT. PROMENADE THEATER - 1927 - DAY 64
text: A ticket line has formed outside the theater, along posters
text: for the play. Rose tries the lobby doors, pushing her face up
text: to the glass, but they are locked. People in line are
text: hollering remarks (in silence) and pointing her to the back
dialog: of the line.
text: Rose proceeds toward the back of the line, then spots
text: something around the corner of the building.
text: A truck is unloading into the rear of the theater.
text: Rose makes her way up to the freight entrance, past DELIVERY
text: MEN hauling crates into the theater.
text: She slips inside the stage landing and scurries into the rear
dialog: of the building.
scene_heading: INT. PROMENADE THEATER - BACKSTAGE - 1927 - DAY 65
text: MUSIC continues as she slithers past a STAGEHAND surrounded
text: by props and costumes, slipping into the auditorium of the
dialog: theater.
text: Rose makes her way through a narrow corridor. Stepping out,
text: she suddenly finds herself at the foot of the stage where a
text: full dress rehearsal is in progress. Lights beam down from
text: the dusty rafters setting the stage aglow. The set is a
text: 1920's version of a garden in an 18th century French estate.
text: Rose suddenly stops dead in her tracks.
text: There, onstage, is LILLIAN MAYHEW herself. She is dressed in
text: a 18th century costume with an adorned white powder wig,
text: playing the young French noblewoman, ADELIS.
text: Onstage with her is an actor playing her young handsome
text: suitor, VALENTIN, and a man playing the elderly tutor,
text: MONSIEUR RAQUEU. Two additional actors stand on either side
text: of Raqueu, dressed as Sentries.
text: At Adelis’s command, the two Sentries have just let go of
text: Raqueu, who brushes off his clothing, indignantly. Lillian
text: then addresses him, moving from one beam of light to the
text: next. Despite her heavy theatrical make-up and oversized
dialog: gestures, Lillian Mayhew is every bit as beautiful in the
text: flesh as she is in her photographs.
dialog: [The following dialogue from the play and what follows will
dialog: not be ‘heard’ but will be performed by the actors]:
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 34.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN [AS ADELIS]
dialog: Dear Raqueu, my time with you has
dialog: been long. You remember my mother,
dialog: Madame Onjolie, and her quiet, good
dialog: heart. You remember her death and
dialog: you’ve watched as my father grew
dialog: bitter, shutting me away on these
dialog: grounds, alone. But you know not
dialog: that it was dreams of my mother
dialog: that led me to Valentin and his
dialog: poet’s heart. And it is my mother’s
dialog: advice that I now take.
text: Rose, who suddenly feels a tear come to her eye, accidentally
text: knocks her embroidered bag into a ladder. A large light-bulb
text: falls to the floor, shattering.
text: Everyone turns, startled, including Lillian Mayhew. The
text: DIRECTOR, seated in the orchestra, hollers
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: What the hell was that?
text: Rose, shocked, stares back, unable to move.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Well, who do we have here?
text: The Director continues barking from the orchestra as the
text: STAGE MANAGER leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: How did this child get in here?
dialog: (to the Stage Manager)
dialog: Stan?
speaker_heading: STAGE MANAGER
dialog: Don’t look at me! Little girl, we
dialog: are in rehearsal!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Stan, would you please take care of
dialog: this, and right away?
text: Cutting him off, to the shock of everyone present, Lillian is
text: already on her way to the girl.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: Now, now - haven’t any of you
dialog: brutes ever seen a child before?
dialog: (taking Rose by the hand)
dialog: You come along with me...
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 35.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Lillian!?
text: And before anyone quite knows what’s happening, Lillian is
text: leading Rose back out the way she came, leaving her fellow
text: actors and crew staring wide-eyed, though no one more wide-
text: eyed than Rose herself.
scene_heading: INT. PROMENADE THEATER - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER - DAY 66
text: MUSIC builds as Lillian leads Rose down a shadowy hallway
text: filled with old props, signs, and costume racks. A STAGEHAND
text: stares. She comes to her dressing room door, bearing her name
text: and a gold star, and pushes open the door.
scene_heading: INT. PROMENADE THEATER - DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY 67
text: Lillian shuts the door behind them, immediately dropping the
dialog: mask of kindness.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN
dialog: What did you do to your hair? Look
dialog: at you!
text: Rose touches her newly cut hair. Lillian steps to the mirror
text: and removes her wig. She grabs a cigarette from her cigarette
text: case and lights it, taking a few deep drags, and begins
text: talking to herself in great frustration.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What on earth could be in that head
dialog: of yours? What was your father
dialog: thinking?
dialog: (to Rose, who does not
dialog: understand)
dialog: Does he have any idea where you
dialog: are? What in God’s name are you
dialog: doing here?!...
text: The tight skull cap under the wig makes her look even more
text: menacing. Rose takes out a pad of paper and writes something
text: down in reply. With great pleading eyes, she holds it up to
dialog: Lillian:
dialog: I miss you, Mama.
dialog: Lillian Mayhew, the great movie star - Rose’s mother - stares
text: back. She shakes her head, speaking to herself, in reply.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What did I do to deserve this?
dialog: (to Rose, yelling)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 36.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m working! Do you understand?!
dialog: You can’t be running around on your
dialog: own - you're DEAF!
text: She gestures to her ear with the word and grabs back the pad,
text: scrawling furiously: You could get hit by a car or kidnapped!
text: Rose takes the pad and writes something in reply, which she
dialog: holds up: So could anyone!
dialog: Lillian can’t take any more.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I have to find someone to take
dialog: you home!
text: Rose doesn’t understand her. Lillian, exasperated, yells back
text: with forced exaggeration and strong gestures.
speaker_heading: LILLIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing out the door)
dialog: I have to work!
dialog: (sitting Rose down at the
dialog: vanity)
dialog: Now you stay put!
text: She drops the pad and in front of her daughter, pats her
text: roughly on the head and hurriedly replaces her wig. Then she
text: heads to the door, gathers her wits and leaves, closing the
text: door behind her.
text: Rose waits a moment, then goes to the door. Locked. She bangs
text: on it but she is trapped. She wipes her eyes and looks up.
text: She spots a small window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET (73TH ST & BROADWAY) - 1977 - DAY 68
text: SOUND. Ben continues to walk uptown. He’s starting to bake in
text: the heat, as two BUSINESSMEN, sweating through their
text: polyester suits, nearly knock him over.
text: He decides to turn off the Avenue onto a cross-street.
text: There, a group of shirtless BOYS, his age and older, mostly
text: black and Latino, have opened up a fire hydrant and are
text: playing in the wild spray.
text: Ben stumbles right into the water, shocked by the sudden
text: wetness and cold. He jumps backwards and is nearly swiped by
text: a taxi.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 37.
text: One of the boys at the fire hydrant watches Ben as he passes.
text: As Ben continues by, a rainbow is caught in the mist. A few
text: LITTLE GIRLS stand watching, next to some bikes left on the
dialog: sidewalk..
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET -(75TH ST) - LATER - DAY 69
text: SOUND continues as Ben walks past a burnt-out building.
text: A large BLACK MAN sits out on a tangled stoop, drinking a
text: beer from a can.
text: SILENCE. Ben accelerates down the street until he sees the
text: building that matches the number on the book mark.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED STOREFRONT - CONTINUOUS - 1977 - DAY 70
text: Debris and trash litter the street.
text: A broken metal grate is pulled across a window of shattered
text: glass covered in sheets of ruined plywood.
text: Remnants of a sign hang from a nail, which reads:
speaker_heading: KIN D BO KS
text: Ben presses his eye against a hole in the plywood. He can see
text: inside the abandoned store, but something darts by near his
dialog: feet.
text: A rat jumps out of a crack in the concrete, and Ben jumps
text: backwards in disgust. He stumbles into someone passing on the
text: street, and spins around on his heels, startled.
text: SOUND. Ben has bumped into a BOY, about his age, with long
text: curly black hair and olive skin. He is wearing a striped
text: shirt, a green backpack on one shoulder, and a POW bracelet
text: on his wrist. A Polaroid camera hangs around his neck.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Ow! Watch it!
text: The boy takes a harder look at Ben and realizes he’s just a
text: kid, a kid with a very lost expression on his face.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh - (disconcerted)... Sorry...
text: The boy looks from Ben to the old storefront.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 38.
text: Ben sees the boy is speaking to him but he can’t read his
text: lips. The boy points down the block as if giving directions.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: If you’re looking for the
dialog: bookstore, it moved around the
text: corner, a few blocks down... On
dialog: 74th...
speaker_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: Vamos Jamie, llego tarde.
text: Ben sees that the boy’s FATHER is waiting impatiently ahead,
text: tapping his wristwatch. The man has a black mustache and
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (joining his father)
dialog: I’m just telling him...
text: The boy and the father hurry off down the street. He looks
text: back towards Ben briefly before disappearing into the crowd.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey!
text: Ben catches the boy’s eye, and for some reason decides to
dialog: follow.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PROMENADE THEATER - DRESSING ROOM - 1927 - DAY 71
text: MUSIC. Rose is climbing up a pile of hat boxes and make-up
text: cases to reach the dressing room window, which she manages to
text: open. She tosses her embroidered bag through to the street
text: then shimmies her body on through.
scene_heading: EXT. PROMENADE THEATER/STORE - 1927 - DAY 72
text: Rose stands and straightens out her dress. She walks over to
text: a store window next-door to the theater where she sees a
text: WINDOW DRESSER putting the finishing touches on a window
dialog: display.
text: The display features a cardboard replica of the city skyline,
text: made out of cosmetics boxes, which reminds Rose of her own
text: paper city. She smiles at the man in the window, who smiles
dialog: back.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 39.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET/STORE - 1927 - DAY 73
text: MUSIC continues as we see someone spotting Rose from across
text: the street. An attractive young woman with a bob haircut, we
text: realize it’s Doctor Kincaid’s Maid, PEARL, on her day off.
text: Shocked, Pearl recognizes Rose, alone and out of place on the
dialog: streets of New York.
text: Rose glances up from the storefront as a door opens and the
text: stage manager, from inside the theater, steps out for some
text: air. She decides she better start moving, in case he spots
text: her on the loose, so she gathers her belongings and continues
text: on her way.
text: Pearl, seeing Rose go, starts to follow, when TWO POLICEMEN,
text: on the beat, OFFICER ENGEL AND OFFICER MURTHA emerge from
text: around the corner, walking directly into her path.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Officers! Wait! There’s a girl,
dialog: just turned the corner. I know her -
dialog: she can’t hear a thing. She's
dialog: deaf...
dialog: (Taps her ear)
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN ENGEL
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: She’s my former boss’s daughter.
dialog: She shouldn’t be here. She’s going
dialog: to get hurt! You’ve got to find
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN MURTHA
dialog: Which way did she go?
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (Pointing)
text: That way. She’s twelve years old.
text: With an embroidered purse over her
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET / AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY 74
speaker_heading: 1977 - DAY
text: Ben dodges through the crowd, spotting glimpses of the boy
text: ahead, his striped shirt and green backpack, walking briskly
text: with his father.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
text: WONDERSTRUCK 40.
text: Ben turns a corner, thinking he’s lost them. Then, half-way
text: up a huge concrete staircase, he spots the two of them. They
text: are about to enter a building on Central Park West that looks
text: like some kind of castle.
text: Ben sees a statue of a figure on horseback in the middle of
text: the staircase. There are giant columns across the facade, and
text: banners fluttering in the wind. People sit on the stairs. A
text: mime entertains the crowd.
text: The boy turns back, just before entering the building, and
text: catches sight of Ben. He gives Ben a smile, then vanishes
text: through the revolving door.
text: Ben wonders if the boy wants him to follow.
text: He sees a sign at the top of the steps with the name of the
dialog: building on it:
scene_heading: THE AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY - 1927 - DAY 75
text: MUSIC. We see a large brick building, with two staircases
text: forming an arch over an entrance way, on 77th street.
text: But in fact, it’s a photograph we are looking at, on the
text: postcard Rose is holding.
text: Printed on the white border at the bottom of the postcard we
dialog: can now see: The American Museum of Natural History, 1927.
text: Rose moves the postcard away to reveal the actual museum
text: behind it, in the exact same position as it had been in the
dialog: photo.
text: Rose turns the postcard over. It’s the one we’ve seen before
dialog: (though we’d never seen the front image), the one with the
dialog: words: Happy Birthday, Rose, Love your brother Walter...
text: Rose, with her embroidered bag at her feet, watches people
text: heading into the museum. She joins them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY (AMNH) - ROTUNDA’ 76
text: SOUND. In the main rotunda, the boy with the striped shirt is
text: speaking with his dad - in both Spanish and English.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 41.
speaker_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: Okay Jamie. Tres en punto. En mi
dialog: oficina. Yes?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Yes, papa.
speaker_heading: BOY'S FATHER
dialog: No se meta en problemas... I don’t
dialog: want another call from security.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Okay.
text: The boy’s father shows his ID to a SECURITY GUARD and
text: vanishes down a hallway.
text: The boy is on his own now. He turns and sees Ben, in the
text: distance, coming through the revolving doors. He smiles to
text: himself. He sees Ben look around the huge lobby of the
text: museum, at the murals covering the walls and the quotes from
dialog: Theodore Roosevelt.
text: The boy watches as Ben looks toward the admissions line, and
text: takes out his wallet. He looks inside it, glumly.
text: He watches as Ben closes his wallet and absently returns it
text: to his pocket - but misses it. The wallet falls to the floor
text: with a thud - which, we understand, Ben doesn’t hear. Instead
text: he looks around the lobby without catching sight of the boy,
text: and continues on.
text: The boy scurries over and snatches up the wallet, then
text: hurries after Ben.
text: He taps Ben on the shoulder, who turns to see a flash of
text: stripes and green.
text: SILENCE. The boy waves the wallet with a devilish grin, then
text: runs off playfully.
text: Ben automatically checks his pocket, realizes it’s not there,
text: and spins around, searching for the boy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey that’s mine!
text: He spots the boy, crouched down beneath a stanchion at the
text: far right end of the room. He’s smiling at Ben, waving Ben's
text: wallet. He beckons him to follow.
text: Ben runs over, but when he gets there, the boy is gone. Ben
text: looks around, makes sure the guard isn’t watching, and sneaks
text: under the stanchion.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 42.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF AFRICAN MAMMALS - 1977 - DAY 77
text: Ben runs through a large entry-way where he finds himself
text: facing down a herd of elephants. It’s the Hall of African
text: Mammals. The dioramas lining the walls on either side of the
text: room glow like windows into other worlds, and herds of school
text: children run like mad from animal to animal.
text: He glances around: Where did the boy go? He spots him through
text: the forest of elephant legs in the middle of the room. He
text: starts after him again, as the game of chase ensues
text: throughout the museum.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN FORESTS- 1977 - DAY 78
text: SOUND. The boy runs past a giant mosquito in a large glass
text: covered display. A moment later Ben runs past it as well.
text: They turn into silhouettes as they dash past the glowing
text: displays of trees.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - ENTRANCE HALL - 1927 - DAY 79
text: MUSIC. Rose has gingerly entered the museum as well (we see
text: the flooding daylight from the great hall behind her.) We
text: follow as she slips into shadow and comes to settle in front
text: of a large glass display.
text: She softly strokes the glass case of the giant mosquito,
text: which has been in the museum for decades.
text: She looks up to see:
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - DIORAMAS - 1927 - DAY 80
dialog: We see what Rose sees...
text: A pack of hyenas, a herd of elk, two bears, three leopards,
text: ibex, buffalo...animals behind glass, looking, unmoving,
dialog: waiting...
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF ASIAN MAMMALS - 1927 - DAY 81
text: MUSIC escorts Rose as she continues walking past the glass
text: displays, past a small Elephant group, and settling in front
text: of the diorama of a monkey with a baby in its arms.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 43.
text: Staring close at the baby monkey and its mother, Rose feels a
text: wave of sadness, and puts her hand on the glass. A GUARD
text: notices her, and eyes her warily.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - GIANT WHALE ROOM - 1977 - DAY 82
text: The boy passes beneath the giant whale and Ben comes running
dialog: after him.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1977 - DAY 83
text: SOUND. Ben follows the boy into an octagonal room and comes
text: upon a giant black rock. He sees a sign and unconsciously
text: whispers the words to himself as he reads
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: “This meteorite fell to earth
dialog: thousands of years ago, and was
dialog: brought to the museum in 1902...
dialog: All meteorites begin their journeys
dialog: to Earth as shooting stars, burning
text: across the night sky.”
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1927 - DAY 84
text: MUSIC. In the meteorite room, Rose is reading the text on the
dialog: same sign.
text: Rose reaches out and touches the words “shooting stars..."
text: Rose walks around the meteorite, touching the black
dialog: surface...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1977 - DAY 85
text: SOUND. Ben walks around the meteorite, touching the black
dialog: surface...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1927 - DAY 86
text: MUSIC. Rose’s hand continues across the meteorite until:
speaker_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 44,
text: A COUPLE OF BOYS run by. One reaches into his pocket and
text: takes out a penny, tossing it to the top of the meteorite.
text: The other boys laugh and run off. Rose looks up and sees the
text: penny sitting on the top of the meteorite reflected in a
text: mirror on the ceiling.
text: Rose sits down next to the meteorite, taking out a paper and
text: pencil to make a quick sketch.
text: Opposite her, THREE SCHOOLGIRLS. One girl is rummaging
text: through her purse looking for coins.
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: Of course it’ll come true.
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: That’s fountains, not meteorites!
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: It said meteorites were shooting
dialog: stars, which you can wish on! Do
dialog: you have it or not?
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: (Finds coin and hands it
dialog: over)
dialog: Fine! Here it is! Are you going to
dialog: wish he marries you?
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: No! That’s not what I’m wishing at
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: Wishes don’t come true on
dialog: meteorites anyway!
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: Yes they do!
text: Rose watches them from a sad reserve, their giggling and
text: fooling with each other. She looks down at the first few
dialog: lines of her sketch and writes:
dialog: Where do I belong?
text: Then she begins folding the piece of paper into a boat.
text: Rose steps up on the platform, and she places the paper boat
text: atop the meteorite, as if setting it assail on a vast black
dialog: sea.
text: Rose looks at it reflected in the mirror on the ceiling.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 45.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1977 - DAY 87
text: SOUND - Museum speakers chime, ushering an announcement,
text: striking an eerie note as Ben’s eyes scan the ceiling mirror
dialog: for any sign of the boy.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1927 - DAY 88
text: MUSIC rattles as the same guard from before steps up behind
text: Rose and begins scolding her, shaking his finger and pointing
text: to the top of the meteorite.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You again? Hello? And what is that,
dialog: anyway? Hello? I’m addressing you,
dialog: young lady!
text: Rose, who does not hear his tirade, appears to be once again
text: ignoring him. The guard taps her on the shoulder with his
dialog: stick.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1977 - DAY 89
text: Past the strewn pennies and nickels on the roof of the
text: meteorite we arrive at... a hand waving, the flash of a
text: grinning face and the boy running off again.
text: Ben leaps back into action.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - METEORITE ROOM - 1927 - DAY 90
text: Rose spins around, startled. She shrinks back from the guard
text: and runs off.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Come back here! Come back here at
dialog: once and remove whatever it is - !
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 46.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - 1977 - DAY 91
text: SOUND. Ben sees the boy, standing at the end of a narrow
text: corridor lined with dioramas, waiting.
text: Ben catches his breath, then walks in his direction. The boy
text: is laughing.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (Smiling, out of breath)
dialog: Anyway... I just thought you’d like
dialog: to see this one - Here! Over here -
dialog: Since you have it on your -
text: Ben, who is sweaty and out of breath, slowly continues to
text: walk towards him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALLWAY - 1927 - DAY 92
text: Rose moves swiftly to escape the guard. Steps ahead of him,
text: she hides behind a display case and waits.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - 1977 - DAY 93
text: SILENCE. The boy is talking but Ben can only watch his lips
dialog: move.
text: Ben now notices that the boy is pointing.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hey! What?...What?...
text: Ben turns to see what he’s pointing at...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALLWAY - 1927 - DAY 94
text: Thinking she is in the clear, Rose stands only to come face
text: to face with the guard. She’s been caught.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - 1977 - DAY 95
text: Ben’s eyes widen in shock. He’s looking at:
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 47.
dialog: The Wolf Diorama.
text: There, behind the glass, are two wolves - frozen, as if
text: galloping through the artificial snow, at night, bathed in
text: blue moonlight. The aurora borealis blazes in the painted
dialog: sky.
dialog: It’s exactly like his dream.
text: Ben drops his satchel and the boy can’t help but notice the
text: shocked look on his face.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: What is it? What’s wrong?
text: Ben stares at the wolves, the moon, the snow, the footprints.
text: He covers his eyes with his hands...
scene_heading: EXT. MINNESOTA WOODS - NIGHT 96
text: BRIEF IMAGES OF THE WOLVES AT NIGHT
text: The dream wolves, running through the forest, turn and leap,
dialog: freezing at the exact moment they’ve become:
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - 1977 - DAY 97
dialog: ...-The wolf diorama.
text: The boy is trying to talk to Ben, but Ben ignores him and
text: reads the sign to the left side of the diorama. The first
text: line of the sign says: Wolf (Canis Lupis)...
dialog: And below that:
dialog: Gunflint Lake, Minnesota
text: Ben is in shock as he reads the display description:
dialog: “This typical December winter scene is placed at the margin
dialog: of Gunflint Lake. The time is Midnight.”
text: SILENCE. Ben, overwhelmed, stumbles backwards, leaving his
text: satchel where he’d dropped it. He backs into the wall
text: opposite the diorama and slides to the floor, never taking
text: his eyes off the diorama. How is this possible?
text: SOUND. The boy runs over to Ben trying to help him.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 48.
text: Ben doesn’t hear him. The boy brings Ben’s satchel to him and
text: crouches down.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s going on? Are you okay?
dialog: What’s happening? Are you sick?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (Speaking too loud)
dialog: Why did you stop here, in front of
dialog: this...?
text: The boy sits next to Ben and tries to quiet him.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Shh! I thought you liked wolves.
text: The boy stands and reaches into his pocket and pulls out
text: Ben’s wolf wallet. He hands it to Ben and sits back down.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: You dropped it in the rotunda.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I can’t hear you.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Because I’m deaf.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Really? Oh! I thought you were just
dialog: ignoring me when I was calling for
dialog: you and you didn’t answer... Okay -
dialog: that makes sense...
text: Ben doesn’t understand, so he reaches into his pocket and
text: pulls out his spiral notebook and hands it to the boy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (Speaking as he writes)
dialog: I...didn’t know...you were deaf.
text: The boy points to himself.
speaker_heading: BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: Me? Jamie.
speaker_heading: WONDERSTRUCK
text: He writes on the pad: Jamie
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Jamie.
text: Ben now points to himself.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (Too loud)
dialog: I’m Ben.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Shh!
text: Jamie starts doing sign language with his hand, but Ben
dialog: doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I learned it in school.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t know sign language.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (quieter now, trying to
dialog: modulate his voice)
dialog: I’ve only been deaf for... actually
dialog: it just happened.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (reading his lips)
dialog: Lightning.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Lightning??
text: Ben nods.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought lightning kills you.
dialog: 49,
dialog: Ben doesn’t understand so Jamie writes: Lighting kills you
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Not always.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 50.
text: Jamie thinks for a second, then writes: Is it scary?
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Being hit by lightning?
text: Jamie shakes his head. Writes: Being deaf.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Oh. Sometimes. Mostly it’s just...
dialog: quiet.
text: Behind them an OLD WOMAN enters the exhibit hall. Jamie takes
text: special notice of her, confiding in Ben.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: See that lady over there?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: She's always here. It’s so weird...
dialog: (points to Ben’s satchel)
dialog: You...runaway?
text: Jamie makes his fingers into running legs.
text: Ben understands and nods.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: From where?
dialog: (writing and speaking)
dialog: Where... are... you...from?
text: After a moment of hesitation, Ben gets up and starts to walk
text: forward, towards the diorama, as if hypnotized. He raises his
text: arm and presses his finger to the sign on the wall next to
text: the wolf diorama: “Gunflint Lake.”
text: Jamie chuckles. Ben turns to him. He isn’t joking.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Really?
text: Jamie stands up and moves Ben so he is directly in front of
text: the diorama. He raises his Polaroid camera from around his
text: neck. Jamie takes his picture. The flash goes off, blinding
text: Ben for a moment. The sound of the photo rushing out of the
text: camera morphs into...
dialog: 
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 51.
scene_heading: 98 INT. AMNH - NORTHWEST COAST INDIAN HALL - 1927 - DAY 98
text: MUSIC barking as the guard furiously scolds Rose. Like Rose,
text: we watch his lips movie.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Where do you think you are, at a
dialog: playground? This is a museum! You
dialog: can’t go scampering about like a
dialog: wild animal, ignoring the rules!
dialog: I’m this close to expelling you
dialog: from the premises once and for all.
dialog: Do you understand me? Do you?
text: Rose listens, nodding, backstepping - then suddenly spotting
text: something at the front of the room:
text: The two Policemen from outside the theater are standing with
text: the Museum SECURITY CHIEF, a man in his 60's, who spots
text: Rose’s Guard from across the room. The Security Chief
text: gestures him over. He does not see Rose, who is blocked by a
dialog: pillar.
speaker_heading: SECURITY CHIEF
dialog: Otto! Over here, please.
text: Rose’s Guard stands upright with raised eyebrows, then nods
dialog: to the chief.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yes, sir. Right away, sir!
dialog: (to Rose, in firm but
dialog: lowered tones)
dialog: Now you stay put, you understand
dialog: me? I’1l contend with you in a
dialog: moment... Fine day this turned out
dialog: to be...
text: He gathers himself and starts over to where the Security
text: Chief and the two Policemen are waiting.
text: Rose watches him go, then slinks off out of sight.
text: She skulks along through the shadows, past display cabinets
text: and carvings. She peeks back through a gap in the room and
dialog: spots:
text: The Guard and the two Policemen, exchanging information. She
text: sees the Guard looking back to where he left her. When he
text: sees she is no longer there, Rose doubles up her speed,
text: rushing along.
dialog: 
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 52.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STAIRWELL - 1977 - DAY 99
text: SOUND. The door crashes open and Jamie leads Ben up a flight
dialog: of stairs.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - MUSEUM HALLWAY - 1977 - DAY 100
text: The boys sneak out and Jamie shows Ben how to slither past an
text: open office doorway where two SECRETARIES are working - first
dialog: Jamie, then Ben.
text: Jamie motions Ben around a corner. There Jamie approaches an
text: old double door at the end of the hallway. The sign on the
text: door: PRIVATE, CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC
text: Jamie motions Ben to quietly follow him inside. Jamie stops a
text: moment, hearing the click-click of someone approaching down
text: the hall. He holds up a finger to his mouth to Ben, warning
text: him to be quiet. Then he very quietly turns the knob of the
text: door and slips inside. Ben quietly follows.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - CONTINUOUS - 1977 - DAY 101
text: Ben follows him through a dark narrow passageway with chairs
text: and tables stacked to the ceiling along one wall. The narrow
text: room opens up to a large open space with a tall ceiling. Old
text: plastic tarps cover tall dusty windows overlooking a
text: shaftway, so the light that filters in is dusty and gray.
text: The room appears to be about half as big as it once was due
text: to all the masses of items stored within - half of them old
text: diorama’s, like the ones Ben and Jamie had passed between.
text: What’s left of the room is filled with crumbling boxes
text: spilling with papers, shelves, ledgers, objects wrapped in
text: cloth, a pile of old furniture, all piled up to the water-
text: stained ceiling - everything coated with thick layers of
dialog: dust.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: My secret room!
dialog: (he writes)
dialog: My... secret... room —
text: Jamie shows Ben what he wrote, then gestures:
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can stay here.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 53.
text: He sits, writing something down, and Ben joins him, watching
text: as he writes it.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This can be - (writing): your...
dialog: hideout!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (After reading his words)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: So... (he writes it down and says):
dialog: Why... run... away?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh.
text: Ben pauses, then he takes out his wallet. He unfolds the
text: article about his mom’s death and hands it to Jamie.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: My mom...
text: Jamie reads it. He furrows his brow sympathetically.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Sorry.
text: He hands Ben back the article.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about your dad?
dialog: Jamie writes on the pad: Dad
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That’s who I came here to find.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Are your parents...
dialog: (he writes)
dialog: divorced?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No.
dialog: Ben takes
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 54.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (points to himself)
dialog: Mine are.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hmm. Oh.
text: out the Kincaid’s bookmark and hands it to Jamie.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought he might be here.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Oh! I tried to tell you before -
dialog: Kincaid’s-
dialog: (grabs pen, starts
dialog: writing)
dialog: Kincaid’s... isn’t clo-
text: He is writing: Kincaid’s isn’t ¢ - but he stops a moment. Ben
text: glances up at his face.
text: Jamie resumes, turning the “c” into an “o”
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D).
dialog: (writing and speaking)
dialog: - open now.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, obviously!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (suddenly sounding a
dialog: little guilty)
dialog: Hey, I didn’t know you were deaf. I
dialog: didn’t know you were looking for
dialog: your father. Otherwise I wouldn’t
dialog: have told you...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What are you saying? Write it down!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah, sorry... So, I still don’t
dialog: understand...
dialog: He writes: How you got here alone?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: My cousin Janet helped me. She owed
dialog: me a favor, so she brought my bag
dialog: and some things with some money
dialog: from my mother’s rainy day fund.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 55.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: So... (writing and speaking):
dialog: She... knows... where... you are?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No. No one knows where I am.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I do.
text: Ben reads his lips and smiles. Ben’s stomach growls.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m starving.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ooh!
text: Jamie happily reaches into his knapsack and, like a magic
text: trick, pulls out a sandwich.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ta-da!
text: He gives half to Ben and keeps half for himself.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Jamie, while still a few bites into his sandwich, raises his
text: right hand and makes a fist. Then he straightens his fingers
text: and crosses his thumb over his palm. Next he makes the shape
text: of a crescent moon. He’s repeating the shapes he’d made
dialog: earlier - the sign language alphabet.
text: He next touches all his fingers to his thumb except for his
text: index finger, which he points straight up.
text: Jamie motions for Ben to repeat what he’s doing. When Ben has
text: trouble getting the shape right, Jamie adjusts Ben’s hand,
text: bending a finger or tightening a fist.
text: They continue through the alphabet, finishing their sandwich
text: halves, as we float around the storage room, taking in all of
text: its dusty details, its piles and boxes and antique trays. A
text: quiet bit of MUSIC, perhaps associated with ROSE’s story,
dialog: filters in.
dialog: 102
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 56.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1977 - DAY 102
text: They are finishing the alphabet.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Good... that’s good.
dialog: (suddenly remembering)
dialog: I almost forgot! I want to show
dialog: you...
text: Ben doesn’t understand him, but he watches as Jamie goes to a
text: shelf and pulls out a shoe box filled with Polaroids. Ben
text: stuffs the remaining portion of sandwich in his mouth and
text: walks on his knees over to him.
text: Jamie sorts through the pictures.
text: Ben starts to flip through the photos. There seem to be
text: hundreds of them. Most seem to be pictures taken around the
text: museum, dinosaurs and lizards and birds. There are pictures
text: of the dioramas, elks and the wolves and bears and buffalo.
text: There are also lots of pictures of visitors, families, close
text: ups of shoes and coats and children, all unaware they are
text: being photographed. One is a picture, from behind, of the old
text: woman they’d seen earlier near the wolf diorama.
text: Jamie points to her.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: See! That lady! Remember her?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (still chewing)
dialog: Mm-hmm.
text: Jamie then pulls out a photo of a brown skinned woman with
text: long dark hair and dark eyes. She’s standing next to a brick
text: apartment building with a tree and some taxis in the
text: background. The image is nearly washed out by the sun.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: My mom. Mi Madre. She works a lot.
dialog: Jamie writes simultaneously: Mom
dialog: Then: We live in Queens.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Queens? You don’t live in New York?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Queens is in New York.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 57.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh... And this.
text: Ben presents to Jamie his treasured item - the first person
text: he’s been able to share it with yet! He hands him
text: WONDERSTRUCK, which Jamie opens.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I found it in my mom’s room. It’s
dialog: from here except a long time ago.
text: Jamie flips through the pages.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: ...it’s where I found the bookmark.
dialog: For Kincaid’s. It’s why I’m here.
text: Exhausted, Ben starts to sink and close his eyes. He yawns.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sorry. I'm really tired.
text: Jamie jumps up.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (gesturing with his words)
dialog: Take a nap!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay.
text: Jamie grabs a caveman rug off of a nearby shelf. Ben stands
text: up and together they unfold the rug and lay it out flat on
text: the floor. A tired Ben collapses. Jamie reaches down and
text: wraps the bottom of the rug over him to use as a blanket.
text: They laugh as Jamie turns off the light and heads towards the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I‘ll be back later.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 58.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thanks, Jamie.
text: Ben looks around the room and smiles before closing his eyes
text: and falling asleep.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - MUSEUM HALLWAY - 1927 - DAY 103
text: MUSIC. Rose spots the cops and the guard returning, and she
text: makes her retreat down the hall toward a gathering crowd of
dialog: museum-goers.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CABINETS OF WONDER - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 104
text: Up ahead a crowd stands on line at the entrance to a newly-
text: opened exhibition. Rose sneaks unseen towards the front of
dialog: the line.
text: Rose glances back, and sees the cops, the guard and the
text: Security Chief consulting near the stairwell. The Chief
text: points them in the direction of the exhibition ahead.
text: She approaches the entry to the exhibition. The large sign
text: stationed by the entrance reads:
dialog: Cabinets of Wonder. How Museums Began
text: She weaves her way into the exhibition, joining the mingling
text: spectators. What she discovers inside is something she’s
dialog: never seen before.
text: The exhibition is a recreation of an old Cabinet of Wonders,
text: right down to the fossils, strange fish, and thousand other
dialog: magnificent and fascinating objects. We recognize it
text: immediately from Figure 9, the engraving in Ben’s
dialog: book...except it’s real.
text: Rose walks towards the free-standing cabinet in the center of
text: the room, the one with a crown at the top made of coral and
text: seashells. A taxidermied giraffe’s head seems to peek up from
dialog: one edge
text: Rose looks back and sees the cops arriving at the exhibition.
text: She quickly starts looking around for a place to hide as MISS
text: CONRAD, a Saleswoman, informs a YOUNG MAN with glasses
text: working near her at the souvenir stand, about the police who
text: are after a girl in the museum.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 59.
text: Slipping behind the central display, Rose finds a hollow of
text: space behind a rear cabinet and slides down to the floor. She
text: pulls her knees up to her chin, propping her bag next to her.
speaker_heading: WE HEAR:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMIE (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Ben - Ben!
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 105
text: SOUND. Jamie flickers a flashlight on Ben as he sleeps. Ben
text: doesn’t stir, so Jamie tosses snacks on him to rouse him from
dialog: his sleep.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wake up! Come on!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I told my father I was staying over
dialog: at a friend's house. So we have the
dialog: whole museum to ourselves!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I can’t hear you!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Follow me! Come on!
text: Jamie beckons for Ben to follow him into a dark hallway. Ben,
text: groggily follows.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CORRIDOR - 1977 - NIGHT 106
text: Jamie leads Ben down a long hallway. Most of the interior
text: lights have been turned off so they follow the beam of the
dialog: flashlight.
text: Jamie suddenly stops. Both of them startled.
dialog: 
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 60.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CABINETS OF WONDER - 1927 - DAY 107
text: Music. Rose peeks out from behind the cabinet but doesn’t
text: notice the shadow of an outstretched hand that is coming
text: towards her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CORRIDOR - 1977 - NIGHT 108
text: Jamie and Ben press their bodies flatly against the wall as a
text: SECURITY GUARD enters the hallway.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CABINETS OF WONDER - 1927 - DAY 109
text: The shadow of the hand extends towards Rose, then suddenly
text: grabs her shoulder and she jumps, terrified.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STAIRWELL - 1977 - NIGHT 110
text: Jamie leads Ben up a dank stairwell.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - CABINETS OF WONDER - 1927 - DAY 111
text: Rose looks at the person who has caught her. It’s not the
dialog: guard or the cops...
text: It’s the young man with glasses from outside the exhibition.
text: He sternly gestures for Rose to follow him.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - WORKSHOP - 1977 - NIGHT 112
text: The boys go through a maze of hallways, smaller now and more
text: cluttered with old things in storage.
text: They come to a sign that says Workshop and inside they
text: explore the place where all the exhibitions are made.
dialog: 113
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 61.
text: There are walls of metal tools and jars of mysterious liquids
text: and sinks and chairs. Cabinets with molds and display stands
text: line the walls. Animal forms hang from the ceiling.
text: Jamie leads Ben through a series of storage rooms and work
text: rooms, and the boys run their hands across shelf after shelf
text: of old dinosaur bones and rows of little birds in boxes and
text: seashells, bugs, ancient clothing, spear heads, turquoise
text: jewelry, ivory buttons and a thousand other fascinating
text: things. Ben breathes deeply. He’s thrilled.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wow.
text: Ben plays with some of the objects.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Hey, look. See? The light goes
dialog: through.
text: Jamie shines the flashlight through a glass eye as Ben places
text: another pair of glass eyes over his own eyes like a monster.
text: Jamie laughs. The boys continue through the room, touching
text: everything from clay masks to plaster wings as they pass.
text: They stop at a butterfly mounted on a branch.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow.
text: Jamie blows a breath of air against the butterfly’s wings.
text: The wings flutter.
text: Ben looks around and touches a wax sculpture of a bird anda
text: runs his fingers through the fur of a taxidermied mountain
text: goat up above.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey. Check this out.
text: Jamie emerges and approaches Ben with his flashlight.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ben! Come on. Let’s go!
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - HALLWAY - 1977 - NIGHT 113
text: Jamie leads Ben to another hallway lined on both sides as far
text: as they could see with black filing cabinets, five drawers
dialog: high.
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 62.
text: Ben stops and opens one of the filing cabinets. It’s stuffed
text: completely with papers and files and photos.
text: Ben opens a drawer at random, reaches into a file, and pulls
text: out a large black and white photo of the museum in the
text: 1920's. It’s the entrance that we’ve seen Rose go into.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jamie. What is all this stuff?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (putting his finger to his
dialog: lips)
dialog: Shh. Secrets!
text: Ben puts the photo back.
text: He looks down the endless hallway at all the filing cabinets.
text: An idea starts to form in his mind, but...
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Jamie leads Ben away from the cabinet at which he was
dialog: looking. The label: Hall of North American Mammals
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - MUSEUM HALLWAY - 1927 - DAY 114
text: MUSIC. The young man with glasses has Rose firmly in hand as
text: he speaks to Miss Conrad, the saleswoman from the souvenir
text: counter. Rose looks around, anxiously, before settling on the
text: pile of books in front of her, on display.
text: They are brand new copies of the catalogue book from the
text: exhibition titled: WONDERSTRUCK.
text: The saleswoman nods and takes the man’s place at the counter.
text: Then the young man shuffles Rose off to a nearby office.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - OFFICE - CONTINUOUS - 1927 - DAY 115
text: The young man closes the door behind them.
text: Inside, along the narrow office wall, there are paintings and
dialog: photographs related to the museum, collections of
text: butterflies, pinned inside frames, and portraits of past
text: museum Presidents staring down at Rose.
text: The young Salesman sits Rose down and grabs a piece of paper
text: and pencil from a desk, leaning down to write.
dialog: 116
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 63.
text: He turns the page to show Rose what he has written. It reads:
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: This is WALTER, Rose’s brother.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 116
text: SOUND. Jamie and Ben are hurrying back into the storage room,
text: switching on the lights and catching their breath.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Open it!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
text: The boys fall to the floor huddled over a green folder
text: they've taken. There’s a small plastic tab at the top of the
text: file and inside is a piece of paper that says: WOLF: Gunflint
dialog: Lake, Minnesota
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Come on, the file! Open it up.
text: They flip through the pages and see photographs of birds,
text: animals and trees that Ben knows from home. Photographs of
text: the sky and clouds and stones and wide expanses of snow.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The wolves.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Whoa. That is so cool.
text: On the bottom of most of the photos it says “1965.”
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: February, ‘65... That’s the year
dialog: before I was born.
text: Ben and Jamie uncover several drawings of wildlife, egrets,
text: etc. But mostly more wolves in every possible position. Ben
text: marvels at the way they run and sit and jump across the
text: pages. He and Jamie look at each other.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Whoa.
text: Ben picks up the sketch of the wolves.
text: WONDERSTRUCK 64.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah!
text: They look at an illustration of a greenish night sky.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Aurora.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Nice.
text: Ben finds drawings of Gunflint Lake. Pictures of the lake and
dialog: trees.
text: He comes upon a drawing of his own house, which he stares at
text: in shock.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ben? What is it?
text: Ben doesn’t hear him. Jamie taps him on the shoulder and
text: repeats: “What?” Ben can see his lips.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s my house.
text: He and Jamie look at each other. Ben searches intensely
text: through the file.
text: Next come a small group of legal papers, contracts, letters,
text: receipts, charts and tickets.
text: A letter on museum stationary has the date November 27th,
text: 1964 typed on it. Ben reads:
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Miss Elaine Wilson. That’s my mom.
text: We scroll down the letter as Ben reads it. Jamie looks over
text: Ben’s shoulder...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “Dear Miss Wilson... I will be
dialog: spending a few months in Gunflint
text: Lake, researching a new diorama for
text: the museum. As the town librarian,
dialog: I hope you can help me with this
dialog: research. Please contact me at the
dialog: address above... Thank you very
dialog: much... Daniel Lobel”
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 65.
text: The title below his name reads: Exhibition Preparator, The
dialog: American Museum of Natural History.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: “Daniel. Lobel”
text: Ben is holding the letter from Daniel Lobel. His hands shake.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: This has to be my dad. Your
dialog: father...maybe he still remembers
dialog: him! You have to ask him in the
dialog: morning!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yeah. I will.
text: Jamie, with great seriousness, lifts his camera. Ben holds
text: the file to the side of his face and Jamie takes another
text: picture of him, documenting the moment. The flash is bright
text: and seems to linger in the air.
text: Then he solemnly hands the camera to Ben who takes a picture
dialog: of Jamie.
text: Jamie shares his view of the note-pad with Ben and writes:
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (reading as he writes)
dialog: “I've... never... shown...
dialog: anyone... the museum... before.”
text: Jamie, continues talking casually, as if Ben could
dialog: understand:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: But I like it here. I don’t have a
dialog: room at my dad’s place.
dialog: (suddenly remembering
dialog: something)
dialog: Oh - Hold on! I think you’1l like
dialog: this one.
text: Jamie gets up and lifts a cardboard hood off a plastic
text: battery-operated record player.
text: He chooses a record from a nearby stack and puts it on the
text: turntable.
text: He lowers the arm and smiles, then stops and smacks his head,
dialog: indicating he’d done something stupid.
text: Jamie points to his own ears.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 66.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. I forgot.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s okay. Keep it on. My mom had
dialog: one like that.
text: The bold tinny intro to The Sweet’s hit, “Fox On The Run,”
text: rings out. And Ben puts his hand on the black fabric
text: stretched across the speaker.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: I can feel the vibrations.
text: Jamie and Ben start bopping their heads to the music. They
text: look at each other and smile. Ben makes a shape with his
dialog: hand. He is going to spell something...
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: ("“Reading” the letter)
dialog: F.
text: Ben struggles to remember the next correct shape, then makes
dialog: the letter R.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: R.
text: Ben makes the letter I.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I.
text: Ben makes the letter E.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: E.
text: Ben makes the letter N.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: N.
text: Together they make the letter D.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: D.
text: The boys smile. The music continues to play.
speaker_heading: JAMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Friend. Cool.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 67.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. TAXI CAB - TIMES SQUARE - 1927 - NIGHT 117
text: MUSIC shimmers as dazzling rows and arcs of lights flare and
text: fog through the window of the taxicab - a glorious idealized
text: vision of Times Square, sparkling and glowing, like an
text: exquisite miniature in an old movie.
text: Rose glances over at her brother Walter, who is very annoyed.
text: He glances back at her and rolls his eyes.
text: She's happy though, and she looks back out at the lights of
dialog: the city.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - 1927 - NIGHT 118
text: Walter leads Rose into his unlit apartment and flips on some
text: lamps, revealing a sparsely decorated, single bedroom
text: apartment - many books and little furniture: a student’s
dialog: apartment.
text: He sits down and pours himself a finger of brandy as Rose
text: remains standing by the door.
text: Finally Walter bursts, shaking his head in disbelief
dialog: mouthing:
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I can’t believe I had to hide you
dialog: from the cops!
text: Rose shakes her head, indicating: “what?”
text: Walter grabs a pad and pencil and writes: THE COPS! !
text: He and Rose laugh as he folds the pad and writes another
dialog: note: You know Mom - she’1ll find you sooner or later.
text: Walter gets up and grabs a sleeping roll from the front
text: closet, indicating he’ll sleep on the roll and she can take
text: the bedroom. But she grabs the roll, to let him know that
text: she’1l sleep on it. They have a playful game of tug of war
text: until Walter tosses the roll aside and pretends that he and
text: his sister are in a boxing match, a game they’ve played
text: before. She deals him a mimed knock out punch and Walter
text: collapses in slow motion to the ground, much to her delight.
dialog: 
dialog: 119
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 68.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 119
text: SOUND: Somewhere pigeons coo. Ben is asleep, wrapped in the
text: caveman blanket. Jamie is next to him, watching his friend
text: sleeping. There’s a wistfulness in his expression. He opens
text: the “WONDERSTRUCK” book for diversion and grabs the
text: flashlight. He turns a page, and stops, staring at something.
text: He has turned to figure 9, which intrigues him. Something
text: crosses Jamie’s mind, and he turns the flashlight onto the
text: room, sweeping the beam of light across its cluttered walls
text: and piles of stuff.
text: He looks down and sees the checker-board pattern on the floor
text: which is not unlike the floor in the drawing. Then...
text: Jamie, as if in a trance, gets up and notices a dangling rope
text: above the area where Ben is sleeping. He pulls on the rope. A
text: cloth comes tumbling down, unleashing a cloud of dust. Jamie
text: coughs. He shines his flashlight up high, illuminating a
text: large giraffe head wrapped in plastic that’s been revealed.
text: The giraffe’s black glass eye glimmers in the light.
text: Jamie stares in wonder. He runs over to jostle Ben, who
dialog: jumps.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Ben! Ben! Wake up. Come on!
text: He shines the flashlight in his eyes. Ben stands.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What - what is it? What - what is
dialog: it?
text: Jamie hands Ben the book and flashlight, open to Figure 9.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Look!
text: Jamie then shifts the flashlight onto the unearthed cabinet
text: standing before them. Ben stands, stunned, taking it all in.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s the same. It’s the same! We're
dialog: in the Cabinet of Wonders! How did
dialog: this happen?
text: He looks at the book in his hand.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Why did my father have this book?
dialog: Why was there a picture of my house
dialog: in that file?? What is going on?
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 69.
text: Jamie does not respond. Ben can tell something is wrong.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: WHAT?
text: Jamie grabs the note pad and writes something down and shows
dialog: Ben. It says: Kincaids.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you mean - the bookstore?
dialog: It's gone...
text: Jamie drops his head and writes something more. He shows it
text: to Ben, who reads it back, aloud.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: “I tried to tell you it just moved.
dialog: I didn’t know you were deaf yet.”
text: Ben looks at Jamie, completely confused.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: But... what do you mean? You knew I
dialog: was trying to find my father.
dialog: That's why I went to Kincaid's in
dialog: the first place. Why would you wait
dialog: until now?
text: Jamie just drops his head, deeply ashamed.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (angry at himself,
dialog: confessing something he
dialog: knows Ben can’t hear)
dialog: Because I don’t have any friends.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
text: Jamie writes something in response. He shows it to Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (reading out loud)
dialog: “I wanted to show you” - what?
text: Jamie corrects a letter with his pen.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (reading the corrected
dialog: word)
dialog: “stuff" ?
dialog: (he looks at Jamie)
dialog: “I wanted to show you stuff”? What
dialog: does that mean?
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 70.
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (in defeat, another
dialog: outburst Ben won’t
dialog: understand)
dialog: I was afraid if you found your
dialog: father he'd take you away and if
dialog: you didn't find him you'd just go
dialog: back to Gunflint Lake and...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: WHAT? I can't understand you!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (right to Ben)
dialog: I was going to tell you!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (reading his lips)
dialog: You were going to tell me?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Yes! I swear-
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How long were you going to take?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: (writing his reply)
dialog: I’m sorry!... Okay?!
text: He holds up the pad where he’s written: I wanted you to be my
dialog: friend
text: Ben starts gathering his things.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, well... If you wanted to be
dialog: my friend you would have helped me
dialog: find my father!
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I AM helping you! I’m helping you
dialog: now! I’m helping you now!
text: Ben grabs his satchel and heads for the door, without looking
text: back. He slams the door behind him.
text: Jamie looks after him, heartbroken. His only friend, lost.
dialog: 
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 71.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHT - 1927 120
text: On Walter’s bedside table sits a photo: a baby girl and an
text: older boy...Walter and Rose. The same photo was visible in
text: the dining room of Rose’s house, back in Hoboken.
text: Walter turns off a lamp and approaches Rose below, in bed,
text: all tucked in. He playfully sticks out his tongue at his
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: Good night.
text: Rose waves good night and Walter exits.
text: Rose looks around as she lays in bed. Through Walter’s
text: bedroom window she looks out at a slice of the shimmering
text: Manhattan skyline (it almost looks like something Rose
dialog: herself might have made from paper and cardboard).
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - LATER - 1977 - MORNING 121
text: SOUND. It’s early morning in the city but a hazy cloud of
text: heat still hangs in the air. Ben stands staring from across
text: the street at the OPEN sign in the window of Kincaid’s
text: Bookstore. Somewhere, birds are already chirping.
text: Ben makes his way across the street, barely avoiding a
text: rushing car.
scene_heading: INT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - MOMENTS LATER - 1977 - MORNING 122
text: SOUND. A bell rings. Ben enters. Music from the 1920's is
text: playing on a tape machine behind the counter.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I'll be right with you!
text: Of course Ben doesn’t hear this, or the radio, or the bell.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hello?
text: Sunshine is pouring in through the front windows. Shelves
text: with books extend floor to ceiling. Ladders and boxes
text: everywhere. Posters on the ceiling. And that chocolatey smell
dialog: of old books.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 72.
text: In the center of the store a wood staircase rises to a second
text: level. Every step is lined with more books.
text: There are no customers. And no employees in sight.
text: Suddenly Ben sees a small dog barking at him from the top of
dialog: the stairs.
text: Ben takes a step toward the dog to calm him down but the dog
text: goes running off out of sight.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Ben, not hearing anything, wipes his forehead with the inside
text: of his shirt and saunters in further, seeing no one. He
text: starts up the stairs.
text: Upstairs he sees no one either. He sits down on a bench at
text: the top and decides to wait. He places his satchel beside the
text: banister and puts his head down on one arm. He yawns.
text: He doesn’t see (or hear) an OLD MAN approaching from the rear
text: of the store with an inventory book.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: I’m sorry... she can be a little
dialog: high strung first thing in the
dialog: morning... Hello?
text: The Old Man doesn’t see anyone, and shrugs. He squeezes
text: through the front counter and grabs a stool.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (absently, to the dog
dialog: upstairs)
dialog: You're scaring off the customers...
text: The Old Man reaches over and presses a button on a stereo on
text: a shelf behind him. The 1920’s music stops. He removes a
text: cassette then roots through a stack of other cassettes next
text: to the player. He picks something out, pops it into the
text: stereo and presses play.
text: Very quietly, MUSIC begins... hissing through the cassette
text: recording but very slowly taking hold of the room and,
text: seemingly, of Ben, whose eyes grow heavy, resting on the
text: stairs just above.
text: The music is ALSO SPRACH ZARATHUSTRA by Deodato, the jazz-
text: funk version of the classical piece of music.
text: And then, like a dream...
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 73.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY - 1977 123
text: MUSIC continues over the otherwise silent city scape - cars
text: whizzing by, the street beginning to come alive with people -
text: but all we hear is MUSIC.
text: Through the crowd we begin to notice an OLD WOMAN with long
text: greying hair, some of which is tied up in a bun at the top of
text: her head. She is dressed smartly in a top with a little
text: bohemian edge to it. She has a large purse with her.
text: The Old Woman is weaving her way through the crowd.
text: She nears her destination, turns a corner. And there it is:
scene_heading: EXT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - 1977- DAY 124
text: The Old Woman pushes open the front door as the MUSIC peaks.
scene_heading: INT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - 1977 - DAY 125
text: The MUSIC SOFTENS. For the first time we can see that it’s
text: the same Old Woman from the museum. She is smiling. But we
dialog: can tell that there’s a lot of history, a lot of careful
text: watching, in that face.
text: She addresses the Old Man at the counter, who looks up from
dialog: his book, and stands.
text: They begin to communicate in sign language, their hands
text: moving gracefully through the air.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: What took you so long? I was
dialog: getting worried!
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (in sign language,
dialog: smiling)
dialog: Sorry! A lot to do before I left.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Are you still free to help me with -
text: The Old Man is interrupted by the phone. He raises a finger
text: indicating the Old Woman should wait, then picks up the phone
text: and begins to talk.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 74.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, Kincaids... Yes, of course.
dialog: We have lots of Dickens... Oh yes,
dialog: four or five copies I believe...
dialog: Yep - open ‘til five every day. You
dialog: can ask for me, Walter.
text: (he hangs up phone,
dialog: continues signing)
dialog: You can still help me with the
dialog: inventory?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Yes. You know I love making order
dialog: out of your chaos.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I like you too - you’re cheap
dialog: labor!
text: They both laugh.
text: The two old people continue to sign (about how he fixed the
dialog: A/c, and just in time, etc.)
text: All the while, the store has become invaded by a strange
text: presence, a softly rising shimmer of anticipation.
text: Suddenly the small dog comes tearing past Ben, scrambling
text: down the stairs.
text: Ben, startled, gasps, jolting himself awake - which makes the
text: OLD MAN below suddenly look up. This makes the OLD WOMAN turn
text: as well and Ben, seeing them both looking up at him, leap to
text: his feet. He grabs the banister for balance, letting his bag
text: go sliding down the banister rail before it topples,
dialog: overturning -
text: SOUND - The satchel lands with a thud, its contents spilling
text: out all over the floor.
text: The Old Man and Woman look from fallen bag back up to Ben,
text: startled and confused, standing at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh - Hello. I didn’t see you there.
dialog: Are you... Did I wake you?
text: Ben stares down at him, disoriented. He shakes his head,
text: pointing to his ear.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (Speaking and signing)
dialog: Oh!... You can’t hear?
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 75.
text: Ben looks at them, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I... I don’t know sign language.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (signing to old woman):
text: He doesn’t know sign.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You can hear?
text: The Old Man nods.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: But she’s deaf?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes.
text: The Old Man nods again. He translates this into sign for the
text: old woman. Ben, still making sense of his sudden companions,
text: takes a step toward them, gingerly.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I had an accident recently. That's
dialog: why I can’t hear.
text: The Old Man translates this to the Old Woman.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You scared us!
text: The Old Man holds up a finger to the boy, grabs a pad and pen
text: from his desk, and starts writing.
text: Ben continues slowly down the stairs as the Old Man holds up
dialog: his message: Can we help you?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (then, to Ben, enunciating
dialog: his words)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Ben understands and nods.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, thanks. I’m sorry I just...
text: fell asleep for a second.
text: WONDERSTRUCK 76.
text: He goes to collect his fallen belongings and put them back
text: into his satchel.
text: The Old Woman kneels down to help Ben collect his things. She
text: picks up an old book that had fallen out, and turns it over,
text: revealing Ben’s copy of WONDERSTRUCK.
text: She stops, staring at the cover of her book, then tilts it in
text: the direction of the Old Man. He stiffens when he sees it and
text: turns to look the Old Woman in the eye. Then they both look
dialog: at Ben.
text: Ben stops, realizing they are staring at him with the oddest
text: expression. In the eyes of the Old Woman he sees confusion
text: and wonderment and sadness, all rolled into one.
text: She glances down again at the drawings and photos that Ben
text: had taken from the museum. When she looks back up at Ben,
text: tears have flooded her eyes. She sways, losing balance, and
text: the Old Man grabs ahold of her. She wipes the tears from her
dialog: eyes. To the Old Man:
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (in sign language)
dialog: Do you realize who this boy is?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (in sign language):
dialog: Is it possible? Can it be true?
text: He helps her to her feet and she steps back, regaining her
text: balance. Overwhelmed. Almost afraid. Then, urgently:
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (signing to old man):
dialog: How did he end up here? How?
text: The old man gestures to indicate: I have no idea!
text: Ben stares back, confused and perplexed. He feels a
text: strangeness in his body he can’t explain.
text: The Old Woman takes the pen and notebook. She writes with
text: trembling fingers and turns the paper towards him so he can
dialog: read it. It says:
dialog: Ben?
text: Ben looks at her in shock.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How do you know my name?
text: WONDERSTRUCK 77.
text: The Old Man translates Ben’s words into sign, but the Old
text: Woman, who can lip read well, stays fixed on Ben. She writes
dialog: in the notebook: Where is your mother?
text: Ben, unsure how to answer at first, takes out his wallet and
text: hands her the article about his mom’s death.
text: She gasps, sharing it with the Old Man.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you know her?
text: She hands Ben back the article.
dialog: The Old Man writes: How did you find us?
text: Ben roots around in his pockets and finds the Kincaid’s book
text: mark. He points to the note on the back, handing it to the
dialog: Old Woman.
text: Rose looks at the bookmark and reads: Elaine, I’ll wait for
dialog: you. Love, Danny.
text: Her eyes well with tears, she turns to Walter and shows him.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: I came here trying to find my
dialog: father. Do you know him?
dialog: The Old Man translates for the Woman.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Who are you? How do you know my
dialog: name?
dialog: Rose writes a note for Ben: I’m Rose. This is my brother
dialog: Walter.
text: Rose signs their names. Walter, the Old Man, nods, smiles
text: gently. Ben is confused.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: I saw you at the wolf diorama in
dialog: the museum!
text: Walter signs Ben’s words to Rose.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is going on? Tell me!
text: Rose’s face looks sad and complicated.
text: She gets an idea.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 78.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (in sign language, to
dialog: Walter)
dialog: I need to take him to the museum.
dialog: He deserves to know his story but I
dialog: can’t tell him here.
text: Walter nods, in agreement.
text: Rose writes a note and stands, showing it to Ben: Come with
dialog: me
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Where?
text: She reads his lips but signs to Walter instead:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I’1l find you later...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (mouths )
dialog: You want me to come with you?
text: Rose reads his lips and shakes her head, heading to the front
text: door. They exchange signs that mean I love you.
text: She gestures for Ben. And Ben follows her out the door,
text: glancing back to Walter at the last moment, confused but
text: undeterred.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - STREETS - 1977 - DAY 126
text: SILENCE. She leads him through the crowded streets briskly,
text: with a strange urgency.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - 1977 - DAY 127
text: Ben follows as she leads him to an empty bench and sits,
text: motioning him to join her. There she pulls out the notebook
text: and pen, opens to a clean page - and pauses. Ben stares at
text: the side of her face.
text: Then Rose looks down and starts to write.
text: When Ben glances down at the page, she keeps writing but
text: turns slightly away so he can’t read it yet.
text: A crowd slowly gathers, awaiting the next bus. The bus
text: arrives but Rose keeps writing.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 79.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - LATER - 1977 - DAY 128
text: More crowds. Lonely faces. More buses.
text: Finally, just as another bus approaches, Rose clicks her pen,
text: tears some pages out of her notebook and puts them in her
text: pocket. Then she grabs Ben’s hand, hurrying them onto the
dialog: bus.
scene_heading: EXT. FLUSHING MEADOW CORONA PARK, IN QUEENS - UNISPHERE - 129
speaker_heading: 1977 - DAY
text: SOUND. Ben and Rose are walking by the Unisphere, the giant
text: silver globe from the 1964 World’s Fair. Lightning flashes in
dialog: the distance.
text: They come to a large building and find the entrance.
text: Lettering over the door reads:
scene_heading: THE QUEENS MUSEUM
text: The museum is closed today, but Rose reaches into her bag and
text: pulls out a key. She puts the key in the door and they enter.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - LOBBY - 1977 - DAY 130
text: The lobby is large and cool.
text: Rose leads Ben down a short hallway and into a dark cavernous
dialog: space.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 131
text: She opens a panel in the wall and presses a few buttons on a
dialog: control panel.
text: Light suddenly floods the room.
text: Ben’s eyes adjust to the light and he gasps.
text: He can’t believe what he’s seeing.
text: The Panorama. A scale model of the five boroughs of New York
text: City. 895,000 buildings, 10,000 square feet. Ben looks into
text: the miniature city, glimpsing the hand-painted windows and
text: the paper facades glued to the tiny wood buildings.
dialog: It’s glorious.
text: Rose leads him onto the Panorama.
text: WONDERSTRUCK 80.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What is this? Where are we?
text: Rose sits on a bench at the edge of the Panorama and
text: indicates Ben should sit too. She takes out her pad and turns
text: to the beginning of the story she’d written on the subway.
text: She hands it to Ben.
text: As he begins to read, we zoom across the Panorama.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “I need you to be patient with this
dialog: story and read it slowly. I've
dialog: worked in the Queens Museum for
dialog: fifteen years now, but the story I
dialog: need to tell you begins a long time
dialog: before that.
text: We come to the tiny Unisphere and the model of the Queens
text: Museum itself on the Panorama...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “When I was a little girl, in 1927,
dialog: I came to New York for the very
dialog: first time...”
text: We fly to the model of the American Museum of Natural History
text: on the Panorama.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “It was my brother Walter who
dialog: finally rescued me. I found him at
dialog: The Museum of Natural History where
dialog: he was working...”
text: We continue to fly across the Panorama...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “I begged him to help me, to get me
dialog: away from our mother and father. I
dialog: wanted to stay in New York, I
dialog: wanted to learn things!”
text: We come to a stop in front of the model of a school, a tiny
text: wooden structure with a paper facade.
text: Ben continues to read.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “The first thing Walter did was
dialog: help me find a school for deaf
dialog: children. I didn’t even know such a
dialog: thing existed!”
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 81.
text: [What follows are a SERIES OF FLASHBACKS, using miniature
text: dioramas, all built by hand out of objects from Ben’s life.
text: These dioramas show us how Ben is imagining the scenes that
text: Rose is describing in her notes.
text: First, we find ourselves in a miniature recreation of a
dialog: school for the deaf. ]
scene_heading: INT. PS 176 - CLASSROOM - 1930 - DAY -(DIORAMA) 132
text: MUSIC. We push into a window of the school and float into the
text: all-girl classroom with miniature figures of deaf students
dialog: learning sign language:
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “My parents divorced when I was
dialog: very young. It was a big scandal
dialog: back then because my mother was
dialog: famous...”
text: A miniature figure of Rose sits with two girls, one of whom
text: shares a movie magazine with Lillian Mayhew on the cover.
text: Through the door to the hall, Rose spots the miniature
text: figures of boys coming out of the printing press room, their
text: hands black from typesetting.
text: One handsome boy, (BILL), a little older than Rose herself,
text: is sharing a hand rag with a schoolmate. He smiles at her,
text: sweetly, in his rolled-up shirtsleeves.
text: The miniature figure of Rose smiles back.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “It was there at school I met my
dialog: Bill, who was training to be a
dialog: printer. We married and before we
dialog: knew it had a baby boy.”
text: WE SWEEP across the streets of Manhattan.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. BILL AND ROSE’S APARTMENT - 1940'S - DAY -(DIORAMAB
text: We glimpse the tiny family as we enter through the miniature
dialog: window into their apartment
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “The times as they were, everyone
dialog: worried about us raising a hearing
dialog: child...”
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 82.
text: We see the miniature figures of BILL and ROSE, with a baby on
text: Rose’s lap, posing for a self-portrait that Bill snaps with a
text: push of a button on the camera. A light flashes.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “,..But our boy managed to handle
dialog: his lack of deafness just fine...”
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - EXHIBITIONS DEPT. - 1950’S - DAY - (DIORAMA) 134
text: Another miniature memory. We see miniature figures of people
text: sitting at endless desks working on displays, fossils,
dialog: models, etc...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “Soon after I had married, Walter
dialog: helped me get a job at the museum,
dialog: in the exhibitions department. I'd
dialog: always loved making models so it
dialog: suited me well.”
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - FOREST DIORAMA - 1950'S - DAY - (DIORAMA) 135
text: A miniature Rose working on a forest diorama, replete with
text: wild animals. On the floor, her young son creates a replica
dialog: of his own.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “I worked there for many years,
dialog: along side my son.”
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 136
text: Ben continues to read.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “But soon planning began for the
dialog: 1964 World’s Fair...”
text: Ben looks up at Rose. She gestures to a TV built into the
text: exhibition, which Ben turns to.
text: On the screen WE SEE:
scene_heading: MONTAGE: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE OF THE WORLD'S FAIR 137
text: MUSIC. We see the World’s Fair being built, different
text: pavilions, buildings.
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 83.
text: We see posters advertising it, talking about how it’1l have
text: rides and exhibitions from around the world. We see flag
text: poles rise, fountains turned on, streets paved.
scene_heading: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE: AERIAL VIEW OF NYC - 1963 138
text: The camera soaring over the actual city of New York, as Ben
dialog: continues reading:
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “One of those attractions was going
dialog: to be the Panorama, a scale model
dialog: of the entire city of New York, all
dialog: five boroughs, all 895,000
dialog: buildings, the largest
dialog: architectural model ever built. It
dialog: was an opportunity I couldn’t pass
dialog: up so I left the Museum of Natural
dialog: History to work on the Panorama in
dialog: Queens.”
text: The AERIAL view of Manhattan dissolves into:
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 139
text: The Panorama. We move across the miniature city.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “Sadly, my Bill had passed away by
dialog: then. So it was just my son and
dialog: me.”
text: Now the Panorama turns into:
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - WORKROOM - 1963 - DAY -(DIORAMA) 140
text: The Panorama in miniature, being worked on and installed by a
text: hive of miniature women workers. We finally arrive at the
text: miniature figure of Rose.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: “When the World’s Fair ended, the
dialog: Panorama was so popular they
dialog: decided to keep it open. But they
dialog: needed someone to maintain the
dialog: model, so they hired me for the
dialog: job.”
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 84.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - WORKROOM CORRIDOR - DAY -(DIORAMA) 141
text: We move through a miniature corridor of the museum, lined
text: with tiny filing cabinets, approaching the figure of a man
text: from behind who stands looking over several of his drawings.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “Around that time, our son was
dialog: appointed the lead designer on a
dialog: new diorama at the Museum of
dialog: Natural History, the youngest
dialog: person to ever have that honor. But
dialog: you already know this part.
text: The figure of the man turns. He is smiling.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: The job would send him up to
dialog: Gunflint Lake...”
text: Ben stops reading suddenly.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 142
speaker_heading: SOUND.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Your son is... Danny?
text: Rose reads his lips. She nods, signing his name, the letter
text: ‘D’ pointed to her heart.
text: Ben realizes what this means. He stares at Rose.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: (in wonder)
dialog: You're my grandmother?
text: Rose reads his lips and nods, instinctively signing the word
text: for grandmother. Tears come to her eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Where is he? I came all the way
dialog: from Minnesota to find him! Where
dialog: is he??
text: Rose gets up and leads Ben out onto the Atlantic Ocean.
text: They carefully walk up towards Manhattan, like giants.
text: They step over the Verrazano Narrows Bridge.
dialog: 143
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 85.
text: Their feet clear the tiny cables of the bridge.
text: Rose leads Ben up the narrow stretch of the East River,
text: stepping over the Brooklyn Bridge, the Manhattan Bridge and
dialog: the Williamsburg bridge.
text: Ben looks across the model, like Gulliver in Lilliput.
text: Rose points to the writing pad, indicating he should keep
text: reading. Of course the answer is already in his hands.
dialog: 
text: Ben looks at the page...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “,..The librarian he'd contacted to
dialog: help him with his research happened
dialog: to own a small cabin, and he rented
dialog: it from her...”
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - MINNESOTA - 1965 - NIGHT -(DIORAMA) 143
text: Headlights of a miniature truck (in fact it’s a toy truck
text: from Ben's room) approach Ben’s old street, revealing a
text: figure silhouetted in the door of the house, waving in the
dialog: headlights.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (From the truck)
dialog: Miss Wilson? Is that you? Am I at
dialog: the right place?
text: The miniature figure of Elaine emerges into the light. Her
text: hair is in a ponytail. She is young and beautiful.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: You are indeed, Mr. Lobel - not an
dialog: easy feat this time of year. The
dialog: cabin is right over there.
text: The miniature figure of DANNY (early 30's, handsome), calls
text: out again from the window of his truck.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s Danny.
text: LATER, Danny and Elaine are enjoying themselves, skating on
text: ice in a miniature recreation of the woods of Minnesota
text: beneath a shimmering sky.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa! I don’t like the ice. I don’t
dialog: trust it.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 86.
text: Elaine laughs.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Come on, Danny. It’s not gonna
dialog: break. It’s two feet thick. Don’t
dialog: you trust me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: I’m not sure right now!
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - MINNESOTA - 1965 - NIGHT -(DIORAMA) 144
text: Another evening, the miniature figure of Danny seated at his
text: miniature desk as he writes to Rose.
speaker_heading: DANNY (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Mom, the research is going
dialog: well. Very helpful staff,
dialog: especially this librarian...
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 145
text: Ben looks up to Rose then back down. He continues to read.
scene_heading: AMNH - HALL WITH WOLF DIORAMA - 1965 - DAY -(DIORAMA) 146
text: A miniature of the hallway with the wolf diorama, just as the
text: rear painted sky and horizon of the actual diorama is being
text: carefully slid into position by Danny’s hand.
text: Danny and his crew observe the process with acute attention,
text: taking in the final result: the wolves leaping, the blue
dialog: snow, the stars, the aurora borealis...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “,..Eventually he completed the
dialog: diorama of the wolves. I still go
dialog: visit it whenever I can. It’s the
dialog: only one he got to make.”
scene_heading: INT. ELAINE’S HOME - 1965 - NIGHT -(DIORAMA) 147
text: The miniature figure of Elaine spots a brown paper package
text: that’s been left for her on her desk.
text: Inside is a tiny copy of WONDERSTRUCK, She sees the bookmark
dialog: and turns it over: Flaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny.
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 87.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - NIGHT 148
text: Ben has come to the end of the writing. He turns to Rose, who
text: pulls the last few pages from her pocket. She’s been holding
text: on to them. She hands them gently to Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “Your dad was ill Ben, he had a
dialog: heart condition, the same one his
dialog: father had. It kept him out of the
dialog: war. But a few years after he
dialog: returned from Gunflint Lake, his
dialog: heart...”
text: Ben looks up at Rose.
text: Night is falling in the Panorama and the fluorescent lights
text: are coming up again across the city.
text: Ben looks away. Rose takes his hand. He lets her take him in
text: her arms and he starts to cry.
text: Soon the lights start to come up across the city. Rose has
dialog: been crying too.
text: She points again to the notebook. Ben doesn’t want to keep
text: reading, but Rose insists...
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “,..This Panorama is not just a
dialog: model of New York City. It’s also
dialog: the story of your father’s life.”
text: Ben looks up at Rose who smiles. She points. Keep reading.
scene_heading: INT. PANORAMA - 1963 - DAY -(DIORAMA) 149
text: The miniature figure of Rose is busy fitting a model of PS
text: 176 onto the panorama.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “When I took the job, I thought it
dialog: would be fun to secretly
dialog: personalize the Panorama. I hid
dialog: little mementos from your father’s
dialog: life inside the buildings...”
text: Just before setting it into place she slips a bitten pencil
text: stub beneath the model of the school. MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 88.
scene_heading: INT. PANORAMA - (DIORAMA) 150
text: The miniature figure of Rose is placing another building onto
text: the panorama, and slips a charm bracelet underneath this one.
scene_heading: INT. PANORAMA - (DIORAMA) 151
text: Finally, we see the miniature figure of Rose placing another
text: building onto the panorama and slipping the tiny family photo
dialog: (taken earlier) underneath this one.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - EVENING 152
text: Ben and Rose are standing on the East River.
text: Rose leads Ben around the southern tip of Manhattan, stepping
text: over the bridges again. They head up the other side of the
text: island, along the Hudson River, until they are standing on
text: the blue painted water that separates Manhattan from New
dialog: Jersey.
text: Rose carefully leans over the Panorama, grips the American
text: Museum of Natural History and pulls upward. There is a little
text: resistance but the entire city block gives way.
text: Rose turns it over and picks out a piece of paper folded long
text: ago. She opens it and hands it to Ben.
text: It’s a child’s drawing of two wolves running through the
dialog: snow.
text: Ben thinks Danny must have drawn it, but then he looks at the
text: signature on the drawing and is shocked.
dialog: It’s signed: Ben.
text: He looks up at Rose.
scene_heading: INT. AMNH - WHALE ROOM - 1970 - DAY -(DIORAMA) 153
text: SOUND. A crowd of miniature figures, dressed in black, is
dialog: gathering beneath the blue whale - which we might recognize
text: as the same toy whale that had been in Ben’s room earlier.
text: We see the miniature figure of Rose, standing with the other
text: mourners. She turns to see:
text: The miniature figure of Elaine, standing apart from the
text: others, with a miniature figure of 4-year-old BEN at her
text: side, who holds a piece of paper.
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 89.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: “I knew everyone at Danny’s funeral
text: except for two people, a woman and
text: a little boy. She introduced
dialog: herself and I recognized her name
dialog: from Danny’s letters. She told me
dialog: she'd brought her son earlier and
dialog: showed him the diorama Danny had
dialog: made.”
text: The figure of Elaine holds little Ben’s hand. He shows Rose
text: the paper. It’s his drawing of the two wolves in the diorama.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - NIGHT 154
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t remember any of this...
text: Ben and Rose look out across the Panorama. In the distance we
text: hear something that Ben and Rose can not: THUNDER. But
text: something else catches Rose’s attention.
text: A slight vibration.
text: She pauses.
text: We see the tiny flags on the model of the Queens Museum, far
text: out on the Panorama, vibrate ever so slightly with each crash
dialog: of thunder.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS MUSEUM - 1977 - NIGHT 155
text: We look out, over Queens, with Manhattan lit up in the
text: distance, and from somewhere very far away, we hear thunder
text: and see distant bolts of lightning moving towards the city.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - NIGHT 156
text: There is rumbling, a terrible crash that Ben and Rose don’t
dialog: flinch at.
text: But there’s something strange that Rose is aware of.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: ...that’s why I dreamed of them,
dialog: the wolves... I saw them!
text: Rose looks at Ben, reminding him she can’t understand him if
text: he’s facing away from her. She points to the paper. She wants
dialog: him to write it.
dialog: 157
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 90.
text: Ben starts to write, a smile on his face...
text: Then, another much louder crash of thunder, the lights
text: flicker for a moment.
text: The flags on the model of the Queens museum vibrate again.
dialog: Then...
text: A TREMENDOUS CLAP OF THUNDER AND -- BLACKOUT!
text: We watch as lightning hits the city and sections of New York
text: flicker off, the lighting grid going black, until the entire
text: city is without power, and it stands in silhouette against
text: the night sky.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - NIGHT 157
text: The miniature city is plunged into darkness as well. We hear
text: breathing and unsteady footsteps and gasps. We hear the sound
text: of the pen dropping.
text: After a few tense moments...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Hello? What happened? Help!
text: Rose makes a strangled sound that might be the word “come,”
dialog: but it’s hard to tell...
text: In the dimmest dark we spot Rose taking a step toward Ben -—
text: grabbing his hand. More breathing. The Panorama creaks
text: beneath their feet.
text: After several more tense moments: A flash of light with a
text: brief bursting sound.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: In the brief illumination, we see Rose and Ben holding each
text: other, terrified.
text: A few more seconds of blackness then -
text: Another flash of light with a noise: we see Ben turn his head
text: towards the exit of the Panorama.
dialog: 
dialog: Blackness
text: Another flash with a noise: Ben is leading Rose slowly down
dialog: the Hudson River.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 91.
dialog: Blackness
text: Another flash with a noise: Ben is stepping over a bridge.
dialog: Blackness
text: Another flash with a noise: They exit the Panorama.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. QUEEN'S MUSEUM LOBBY - 1977 - NIGHT 158
text: SILENCE. They are heading towards the door...
text: Blackness. But a figure now seems to be visible outside the
text: door up ahead.
text: Another flash with a noise: But this time we see the source
dialog: of the light.
text: It’s Jamie, holding his Polaroid camera. There are photos at
text: his feet. He is relieved to finally spot Ben and Rose.
dialog: 
text: When Rose opens the door:
text: SOUND. The noises of cars, honking.
text: They stand outside the door.
text: Ben is shocked to see Jamie.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jamie? How did you get here?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: I followed you!
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - AMNH - STORAGE ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 159
text: Ben, has just left the secret room with his satchel. Jamie
text: has grabbed his camera and starts to follow him out.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - EXT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - 1977 - DAY 160
text: Ben has entered Kincaid’s, and then we move aside slightly to
text: reveal Jamie looking on from across the street.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - EXT. QUEENS MUSEUM - 1977 - DAY 161
text: Ben and Rose walk up the steps and enter the museum’s front
text: door. Jamie looks on, peeking out from behind a tree.
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 92.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS MUSEUM - 1977 - NIGHT 162
text: All the streetlights in the parking lot are dark. The only
text: light outside is the moon. Strange distant sounds. Breaking
text: glass. Ben is trying to lip-read what Jamie is saying...
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Wait. I don’t understand!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: She’s the lady from...
text: A screech of brakes from somewhere far off and Jamie turns.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENS MUSEUM - 1977 - NIGHT 163
text: From an adjoining street a van is screeching crazily along a
text: dark empty block. We can hear the radio from inside the van,
text: (and just make out the name painted on the side: Klein Gutter
text: Service) in the middle of a report about the blackout. The
text: van careens out of sight, followed by the rise of an
text: approaching police siren.
text: Rose instinctively pulls the boy closer to the door of the
text: museum. Then she gets an idea. She brings the boys back
text: inside the museum and locks the door behind her.
text: But we remain outside, watching as they vanish into the dark
dialog: building.
text: We begin to float upwards, coasting along the side of the
text: museum, a movement that feels as if we’re caught on a gentle
dialog: breeze.
text: The steadiness of the movement, however, is in contrast to
text: the sounds we hear, the indications of violence and danger
text: somewhere in the darkness.
text: But as we continue our ascent up the side of the building,
text: the sounds begin to diminish.
text: We find ourselves at the roof of the museum with the round
text: skeleton of the Unisphere silhouetted against the night sky.
text: Trees shake.
text: We travel onwards, across the roof now, past the ducts and
text: air vents and flag poles, the debris gathered along the
text: gutter of the roof.
text: The sounds are almost all gone now.
scene_heading: WONDERSTRUCK 93.
text: And finally, we reach our destination.
text: We've caught up with Rose, Ben and Jamie, who have come to
dialog: the roof for refuge.
text: They are standing in the gutter, looking down over a low
dialog: wall.
text: Rose squeezes Ben’s arm, then she points to Jamie, wanting to
dialog: know who he is.
text: Unnoticed by Rose are more sounds in the background. A crash,
text: a shout.
text: Rose repeats herself, signing: Who is this?
text: Ben looks at Jamie, who looks back at him. A kind of
text: understanding passes between them.
text: Ben touches his palm to his chest (indicating: my) then
text: raises his right hand and begins to fingerspell:
speaker_heading: BEN
speaker_heading: F. RI. E. N. D.
text: Jamie's eyes shift from Ben’s hand to his face. He mouths his
text: reply in silence, affirming what Ben has finger-spelled:
speaker_heading: JAMIE
dialog: Friend.
text: Rose takes Ben’s hand. He looks up at her with love. He turns
text: to Jamie, with the same dazzled look, and takes Jamie’s hand.
text: Their faces, lit by moonlight, shine with surprise.
text: They turn to the unlit skyline of Manhattan: quiet, dark,
dialog: mysterious.
text: Above it, hovering in the sky, a canopy of stars as clear and
text: bright as any in Gunflint Lake. The big dipper shines like
text: diamonds vaulting through the night.
text: At this distance, in the strange silence, the city has become
dialog: a place of peace.
text: And at this moment the three of them are happy, looking at
dialog: the stars.
text: Jamie points up. Ben and Rose look.
text: A meteor blazes across the sky.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
