scene_heading: WRONGFULLY ACCUSED
dialog: By
dialog: Pat Proft
scene_heading: PROFT THINGS INTERNATIONAL REVISED 4/11/97
speaker_heading: REVISED 5/15/97
speaker_heading: LOGO
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: SUPER: “The following dramatization is true, based on real
dialog: events, from other actual movies."
text: Building underneath the super:
text: SOUND: A PRISON STREN off in the distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: CASS LAKE hears the sirens. Beautiful, cool, in control, the
text: girl next-door with the body of a Victoria's Secret model.
text: And an air of mystery about her. She grabs her binoculars.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HER PAINTING
text: ‘The penitentiary with a person jumping over the wall. Cass
text: looks through her binocs.
scene_heading: EXT. UTILITY ROAD ~- PRISON TRUCK - DAY
text: The side of the truck reads: "A Prison Truck". In the b.g.
text: off in the distance is the penitentiary where a break has
text: just been discovered. In the flatbed are barrels, over-
text: stuffed, and marked “Recycled Paper“, “Recycled Cans",
text: “Recycled Plastic", and "Recycled Cycles", which is full of
text: old bicycles. One barrel, which is marked "For Escaping". has
text: a pair of hands holding onto the rim. The person inside
text: starts to rock the barrel until it falls off the truck.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BARREL
text: Rolls down a hill. Passes a sign: “The Steepest Hill In The
dialog: Whole World".
scene_heading: POV FROM INSIDE "BARREL
text: The world is spinning as we roll downhill.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE
text: Cass is packing up her paints. Delicate brushes and big paint
dialog: vollers.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK - DAY
text: The barrel comes to a halt in the creek. Our PRISONER crawls
text: out of the barrel, we don't see his face. Dizzy, on very
text: unsteady legs, he staggers all over, banging into tree, 4
text: bridge embankment, then bumps heads with a BEAR whe is just
text: rounding a corner, ow! Beast and man fall backward out of
text: frame, leaves flying back up into view as they strike the
dialog: ground.
dialog: GO TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - PRISONER'S POV OF CEILING
text: A moan, and we stare at the ceiling. Look to the wall. A
text: doctor's license hanging on the wall for *Dr Yanock Savack*
text: has a big red circle with a red bar through the middle on it.
text: We turn back and we look into the face of DOCTOR SAVACK.
text: Tired, worn-face@ drinker and smoker. He wears a white
text: pharmacist's type coat. Cigarette dangles from his lips. A
text: little smoker's cough. He's going through a wallet.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SAVACK
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: I'm Yanock Savack.
dialog: Our escaped prisoner, the young, handsome cameo is our .
text: escapee, ROBERT DECKER. Tries to get up off the barber chair,
text: but he's too woozy.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Ssh. You're safe, Mr Robert
dialog: Decker. I found out who you
dialog: are.
text: Savack looks at several photos of a woman, Mary Kelley, red
text: hair, very pretty. She holds onto, and stands behind, 4-
text: picket fence. Another photo and we see she is actually |
text: holding onto a small section of a fence, which is about the
text: size of an accordion. Is Savack taken by her beauty, oF does
dialog: he recognize her?
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Girlfriend?
text: Decker grabs the photo.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: Mary Kelley. I loved her. She
dialog: set me up. I'm innocent. I
dialog: never smuggled guns into
dialog: Northern Ireland.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Guilty, net guilty, it doesn’t
dialog: matter to me. Someone found
dialog: you. Brought you here.
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: A bear?
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: She left no name. But did give
dialog: mé thirty-five hundred
dialog: dollars. I'm a self taught
dialog: cosmetic surgeon.
text: Savack washes his hands in the greasy water of a sink full of
dialog: dishes.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: I‘ll make you so your own
dialog: mother won't recognize you.
dialog: (to his dog)
dialog: Right, boy? ~
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ DOG
text: He woofs. His face is the spitting image of Richard Nixon.
speaker_heading: “ ANGLE - SAVACK
text: Wipes his hands on the dog's tail.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: I used to be a butcher, and
dialog: then I worked on the "Mr.
dialog: Potato Head" design project.
text: Swigs from the “‘Whiskey”“ bottle.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: So I know noses, ears, and
dialog: mouths.
text: Puts on a pair of rubber gloves. One shoots off of his hand.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
text: The "“Savack Procedure” takes
dialog: ne more than four hours.
dialog: (checking his
dialog: equipment, all in
dialog: order)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: balis.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DECKER
dialog: No! T'il stick with the balls
dialog: ET came in with. Just do the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: I'll aiter your voice by
dialog: wiring your vocal chords
dialog: through a pez dispenser
dialog: implanted in your neck.
dialog: (very special)
dialog: No more fingerprints. They'll
dialog: never give you away. The
dialog: downside is fingerprints act
dialog: as non-skid treads. This means
dialog: when you pick your nose, the
dialog: finger just might slide all
dialog: the way into your brain,
dialog: causing instant death. Let's
dialog: begin.
text: He turns on a tank labeled "Nitrous Oxide Lite’.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DECKER'S POV
text: "Before and After" pictures hang on the wall. Before is Abe
text: Vigeda. The after is Tom Cruise. Then a before of Michael
text: Jackson from his "Jackson Five" days. Then a series of four
dialog: after pictures, taking us through his various changes. Savack
text: places the mask over Decker's face.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Take deep breaths...deep...
dialog: that's it.
text: FADING TO BLACK
speaker_heading: SAVACK .
dialog: When you fall asleep, you're
dialog: going to be my bitch.
text: Breathing becomes excited.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Only kidding...
text: Savack's laugh echoes into:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OR. SAVACK'S OFFICE ~ DECKER'S POV ~ HOURS LATER
text: SLOWLY FADING BACK UP again. Things are just starting to get
text: imto focus. Dr. Savack is standing over Decker, in the midst
text: of a big whisky swig. He's very unsteady on his feet. On the
text: imstrument table is a bag of cement and a trowel. A timer
speaker_heading: DINGS.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: These bandages can come off
dialog: now.
text: He starts to unravel the bandages.
speaker_heading: SAVACK {Cont'd}
dialog: You're going to feel a
dialog: stinging sensation under your
dialog: arm. I had to take some skin
dialog: there for your upper lip. A
dialog: bit from your penis for the
dialog: eyelids. I wouldn't rub them
dialog: or they'll swell up...to
dialog: around seven or eight inches
dialog: in length. And I had to borrow
dialog: a little skin from my dog's
dialog: ass for the jaw area.
text: Knocking over instruments as he hands Decker a mirror. We see
text: the new face. RYAN JACK HARRISON is born.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Aw!
speaker_heading: CREDITS BEGIN:
scene_heading: TITLE: LESLIE NIELSEN IS LESLIE NIELSEN in:
text: Letters swivel out to us ala "The Fugitive" movie,
text: "WRONGFULLY ACCUSED". VANNA WHITE turns around the last
text: letter, and styles to it, applauds. Under it all a forceful
text: piece of music heralds the titles. It rumbles under che
dialog: remaining action and credits. :
scene_heading: INT. SAVACK'S OFFICE,
text: Ryan locking into the mirror at himself.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: This is the best face you got?
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: It says intelligence, common
dialog: sense, a man whose lived a
dialog: vigorous life.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: We're going with this nose?
text: Savack hands him a jar of pills. He almost loses his balance.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: Take eight of these pills
dialog: every hour. Or...
text: (holds up a huge
dialog: softball sized
dialog: piil)
dialog: one of these a day, rectaily.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: L'il go with the pills.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: {can barely speak)
dialog: Documents.
text: Ryan opens the passport. The picture is of Ryan's face
text: wrapped in the bandages.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: To save time, I took the
dialog: picture while you were asleep.
dialog: Ryan reads:
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: "Ryan Jack Harrison”.
speaker_heading: SAVACK
text: A new man. A new face. A...
text: He crumbles into Ryan's arms. Ryan sees a knife sticking in
text: Savack's back. He pulls it out. Helps Savack to the barber
text: chair. In the process, the knife is now in Savack's chest.
text: Ryan, "oops" . Pulls it out. Savack calls Ryan closer. Lips
dialog: to ear.
speaker_heading: . SAVACK
dialog: Ow.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Whe did this to you?
speaker_heading: SAVACK
dialog: it was her. BUT...she hasn't
dialog: seen your new face.
text: He‘e dead. Ryan panics! He turns off the lights. Goes to che
text: door. Opens it @ crack to lock outside. In the process, the
dialog: 
dialog: 20
dialog: 5
dialog: the knife he ho
dialog: i "AW!" He drops
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ SAVACK'S FILES
text: A mess, the "Mary Kelley" file is empty.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE ~ RYAN ON THE RUN AGAIN
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: Murder! I'11 be to blame for
dialog: another crime I haven't
dialog: committed. What to do? Where
dialog: to go?
text: Ryan's feet walking mile after mile of sidewalk, up stairs,
text: down stairs, circular stairs, trying to walk up an escalator.
text: All the while pages are falling off a daily calendar. We
dialog: start in July. We eventually reach July 32nd.
text: A motorcycle cop looks his way.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: A cop. Be safe Ryan. Don't
dialog: draw any attention to
dialog: yourself.
text: Ryan acts casual and stands behind an outdoor fruit stand.
text: His positioning makes it look like the banana and pears are
text: his exposed genitalia. No one can help but stare at him.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
text: Everyone's staring. Quick,
dialog: lose yourself in a crowd,
dialog: blend in.
text: Ryan is morphed into footage of the Million Man March crowd.
text: As the crowd listens to Farakan, Ryan looks over his shoulder
text: for the cop. All heads turn to this one shiny white face in
text: the middle of the crowd.
speaker_heading: . RYAN {(V.0.)
dialog: You have to get off the
dialog: streets. Wait, steady man,
dialog: this is a new face. No one
dialog: knows you. Find work. Start a
dialog: new life.
text: “Help Wanted" sign after “Help Wanted" sign are plucked from
text: windows, one is in Hebrew, another "Help Wanted" sign is in
text: the window of the "Help Wanted Sign Store’.
dialog: 
dialog: Ryan takes a "EB
dialog: ip Wanted"
dialog: s @ window of the
dialog: pressive “Columbia Heights
dialog: Hall".
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. SYMPHONY HALL
text: Ryan assists the percussionist tighten the timpani skin.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: That's right Ryan, lose
dialog: yourself in the meticulous
dialog: care of each instrumenc. Life
text: is starting anew.
text: Ryan tightens, straining hard to draw it very taut. There.
text: The percussionist strikes the timpani with his mallet. Ryan
text: tightened it too tight, "“boing!". The mallet bounces back
text: with great force, hitting the percussionist in the face.
text: Ryan is sharpening the conductor's baton in a pencil
dialog: sharpener.
text: Ryan carrying a harp. He doesn't realize it's too big for the
text: doorway opening. It jams in the door. Ryan keeps walking into
text: the strings, “sproing’”, he's shot backwards out of frame.
text: Sound of a mechanic at work, hammering, drilling: "*Clang!
text: Weez weez! Crank". Ryan in greasy overalls, slides from under
text: a piano on a crawler. Lifts the piano top, coils a hinge, but
text: in the process clipping Mr "Shine" himself, DAVID HELFGOTT,
text: smoking, shirtless, wearing long coat, walkman in ear, and
text: wearing headphones, acting very hyper, on the chin. He fails
text: into the piano. Ryan drops the piano top back down, leaving
text: Helfgott entombed.
text: Emptying trash from after a rehearsal. He sees a violin ina
text: trash can. He reverently picks it up. It feels right, it
text: feels so natural. "Wonder Boy" is wood-burned on the back.
text: He picks up a bow.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.C.)
dialog: You studied violin as a boy.
dialog: You played in the prison
dialog: orchestra. It kept you sane.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ON DECK CIRCLE - BASEBALL PLAYER (CAMEO)
text: Kneeling, he’s applying resin to his bat. Ryan gestures for
text: the resin. He resins his bow. Hands the resin bag back to the
dialog: ball player.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: You must play. It‘s in your
dialog: blood. It's your destiny. But
dialog: will it give you away?
dialog: 
text: Ryan cradles the vio 24S he readies to play.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THEATER SEATS
text: Cass, carrying a portrait, hears a short burst of fantastic
dialog: violin music.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: (to Ryan)
dialog: That was wonderful.
text: There's something about him. Something about his eyes.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: You should audition for the
dialog: orchestra.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I'm afraid you can't make a
text: sow from a pig’s ear.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: (so attracted to
dialog: him)
dialog: Would you like to get a cup of
dialog: coffee?
speaker_heading: CREDITS END
text: SONG: Our ‘Whitney Houston-ish song begins. (Lyrics that feel
dialog: like this:)
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOCALIST (V.0.)
dialog: (very Whitney .
dialog: Houston)
dialog: You are my special one.
dialog: The lover I seek.
dialog: My husband's gone,
dialog: you did me for a week.
dialog: My heart felt a tug
dialog: as you nailed me on the rug.
dialog: I'm so sore
text: from the hardwood floor.
dialog: We did a three way in a bar.
text: And on the freeway in a car.
dialog: Z loved you all the while
dialog: we did it doggie style.
dialog: In this our montage.
dialog: In this our montage of love.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF LOVE:
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: both have huge coffee cups. They chat.
text: the Fall", parasol in Cass's hand. Ryan,
text: sh, tips the brim of his cowboy hat, 4 lot of
text: water splashes up from the brim, more than is physically
dialog: possible.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: Cass sits on a pool chair. Ryan applies suntan lotion, a let
text: more comes squirting out than he anticipated. He rubs it on
text: her back, it runs all over. She leans back in the chair, but
text: due to the greased-up back, she slips off the chair, and down
text: a hillside.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR AT SYMPHONY HALL
text: Ryan and Cass enter. She is all over him. Kissing, working
text: her way down his chest, then out of frame. We can only
text: imagine what she is doing as he reacts in total ecstasy,
text: flailing his arms, pounding his fist on the wall, banging his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Is just tying his shoe for him. He lifts her up. They kiss
text: madly. He swings her around, romantically drapes her
text: backward, goes to kiss her, but the elevator doors have
text: opened and they slam on her head. She goes limp. Oops.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM
text: Cass's back to Ryan, she takes off her blouse. He umhooks her
text: bra. Like a slingshot it shoots off of her, 0.c. "twoing", it
text: bounces off a far wall. They duck as it comes at their heads,
text: and lands with the SOUND of an 0.C. lamp CRASHING to the
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM
text: CAMERA MOVES OVER THE FLOOR, an empty champagne bottle, one
text: bottle of "Yoo Hoo" and two glasses, clothes on floor. his
text: and hers, his shirt, her underwear torn to shreds, his shoes
text: are ripped in half, ail laying on a Twister game mat - _Onte .
text: the foot of the bed, where we encounter a series of iit roac
text: flares. We come upon Ryan with Cass in his arms.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE BEDROOM ~ BED - SERIES OF DISSOLVES
text: Cass is gently laid down, Ryan on top of her. She nurns over
text: on top of him. In a very gymnastic move, he, while holding
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 
text: onts her, ips up, and £
text: He lays on her, and kisses
dialog: him and kisse t
dialog: pillow.
dialog: 
text: er again. They kiss.
dialog: Then she
text: hoid hands on the
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C/U PILLOW
text: Now his toes are entwined in her fingers.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RYAN AND CASS IN BED
text: Passionate, very physical love making, the bed is rocking. AE
text: climax, air bags deploy from the headboard. They are both in
text: ecstasy. They now lay side-by-side.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Cass plays with @ huge tuft of hair on Ryan's chest, twisting
text: it, French braiding it.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You mean so much to me, you're
dialog: that sister I never had. I
dialog: haven't had a lot of kindness
dialog: in my life.
text: She starts to cry.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Ryan, please leave. There's
text: someone else.
text: He gets out of bed.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (sad)
dialog: Weil...I don't know what to
dialog: say. Thank you for getting me
dialog: the audition.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Don't be angry. I'd sti
dialog: to see you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: thurt}
dialog: Sure, why buy the bul
dialog: the milk is free. Th
dialog: new for me. But why m
text: averyone's toy boy. Meat on
text: the hook. King Salami.
dialog: Tonight's fallacio du jour.
dialog: (near tears)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Well, T’m not some roast you
dialog: carve a piéce off of when
dialog: you're hungry. I'm a whole
dialog: meal.
text: He exits.
text: The sound of a stirring, powerful, violin and orchestra piece
dialog: over:
scene_heading: EXT. SYMPHONY HALL - A SUMMER'S EVENING
scene_heading: SUPER: THREE MONTHS LATER
dialog: What a night! The musical event of the year. A sign proudly
text: proclaims: "Mr. and Mrs. Hibbing Goodhue Present the Concert
text: Debut of Ryan Harrison". A poster of the handsome,
dialog: distinguished Ryan Harrison, the former Robert Decker, is
text: posed playing his violin. A "Solid Out" banner is placed over
dialog: the poster.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SYMPHONY HALL ENTRANCE
text: Late, stepping from a cab, is Cass. She's dressed elegantly.
text: Including long opera gloves. She goes past séveral black
text: SCALPERS, who approach her.
speaker_heading: SCALPERS
dialog: I got loge, I got center
dialog: aisle...
scene_heading: INT. SYMPHONY HALL - ANGLE ON CASS
text: Loads of sparkling jewelry, formal gowns and tuxedos, the .
text: cream of society. Cass is taken to her seat by an usher, who
text: flicks on his flashlight which emits the static hum and the
text: florescent light of Darth Vader's sword. He points to her
text: seat. She opens her handbag, a small gun inside. She takes
text: out a note addressed to "Hibbing Goodhue". The usher gestures
text: to the empty theater box, giving her the note back. She draws
text: a glance to Goodhue's theater box. We can't help notice that
text: Abraham Lincoln and Mary Todd Lincoln are sitting in the
text: adjoining box, watching happily. Cass is drawn to the music.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: A confidant, mature,-debonair Ryan. He's playing flawlessly.
dialog: It's so obvious the hands do not belong to our actor. He
text: plays so vigorously that he jabs his bow into the eye of a
text: fellow orchestra member, “Awi". Then an angle reveals several
text: musicians behind Ryan are wearing an eye patch. One woman is
text: in a football helmet with dark visor.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ CASS
dialog: 13
text: Loves his playing. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
dialog: Tt's her! He's not happy to see her. it affects him, he
dialog: 
text: unintentionally hooks his bow in a violin string, it draws
text: back, the bow acts like an arrow, it jes 0.c., "Pingggg:”.
dialog: 
text: Up and into the orchestra. Without missing a beat. Ryan takes
text: another bow from a quiver on his back, doesn't miss a note.
text: He's back to total concentration.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Cass checks her watch. One last look to the box. Angry, she
text: tears up the note.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RYAN FROM BEHIND
text: Playing. We see Cass leaving. In the f.g. the percussionist,
text: with Ryan's bow lodged in his chest, staggers by camera.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: His hair, and a huge amount of hair, is flopping to and fro
text: as he plays. He sees a rather upset Cass exit the theater.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE SEASIDE HOME - SHORELINE - SIMULTANEOUS ~- NIGHT
text: WE HEAR the faint sound of Ryan's playing from the house.
text: HIBBING GOODHUE, handsome, mustached tycoon, dressed in
text: formal wear, a successful British businessman, sips his tea.
text: Looks out to sea. A storm is brewing on the horizon. Seals
text: swim off in the surf, lie on the rocks. But there's something
text: else about this stretch of water. He consults a map. He's
text: discovered a secret. He looks through a pair of binoculars.
text: We see an image reflected in the lens, a small sub rises out
text: of the water. Hibbing lowers the binoculars. He heads back to
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE TRAM - NIGHT
text: Hibbing is riding it up to the house. The music becoming
text: louder. He crumples Ryan's concert tickets. Faint THUNDER.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE HOME
text: Hibbing is annoyed by the music. He turns the radio station.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (RADIO}
dialog: The UN Secretary General, Sir
dialog: Robert McKintyre, will be in
dialog: Columbia Heights to give his
dialog: anti-terrorist speech.
dialog: 14
dialog: Hibbing smiles, how.fortuitous, this only con
dialog: suspicion.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (RADIO}
dialog: Sir McKintyre is instrumencal
dialog: in getting the UN to actually
dialog: do something. He's advocating
dialog: that the world body form an
dialog: international military action
dialog: force, whose sole objective is
dialog: to wipe out terrorist training
dialog: bases around the world. He
dialog: will be arriving on the
dialog: twelfth of this month.
text: Hibbing looks to the calendar. It reads: ‘This Monch” and the
text: number "10". He tosses down the map. A red circle indicates a
dialog: point offshore where the sub surfaced, and the word:
text: "Hylander". And a series of numbers.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BAR
text: Hibbing mixes a drink. The station is turned back to Ryan's
text: concert. Surprised, he turns. Sees someone 0.C.
speaker_heading: HIBBING
dialog: You've deceived me, haven't
dialog: you my dear? The murder of the
dialog: plastic surgeon meant nothing
dialog: to me. He deserved it. But you
dialog: never loved me. I was just
dialog: being used for my status and
dialog: connections. You're going to
dialog: kill the UN Secretary General,
text: the assassin is coming off a
dialog: sub out there on my quiet
dialog: shoreline. But you're not
dialog: going to get away with it.
text: The radio is cranked up loud, louder.
speaker_heading: HIBBING (Cont'd)
dialog: Turn that damnable radio off!
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE SHORELINE ~- NIGHT
text: A dark figure, SEAN LAUGHREA, craggy faced, powerfully built,
text: lands ashore in a Zodiac. WE HEAR the faint sound of the —
text: Goodhue's RADIO and Ryan‘’s concert, and a GUNSHOT. The dark
text: figure pulls a long knife from his sheath. His move brings 4
text: tiny “squeak" frem his elbow. He speaks into a headset.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1S
dialog: (Irish accent,
dialog: urgent)
dialog: Caledonia to Mother. Baby
text: chicks stay home.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SUB
text: A second terrorist, in black balaklava, scurries back inside.
text: He pulls a huge bathtub stopper over the hatch opening. Water
text: rushes over it as the sub submerges.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: He's angry about the turn of events. He flips down his night
text: vision goggles. They're activated by a lamp-like pull chain.
text: An infrared glow from the lens.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SEAN'S POV THROUGH NIGHT VISION GOGGLES
text: Sees Goodhue reacting to the bullet, he's been hit. We can't
dialog: see the killer.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE HOME - NIGHT
text: Hibbing is shot again. Again and again. Shot some more. Bang,
text: bang, bang, bang, bang...he staggers. His glass is leaking
text: from multiple gunshot holes. At the bar he gets a box of
text: Johnson & Johnson band-aid strips. He is about to open them
text: when he is hit with very rapid single fire. He slumps against
text: the bar. More shots as if from an automatic weapon. He leans
text: on a chair. It's on wheels. He slides across the floor. More
text: shots. Turns and slides the other way. More shots. Slides
text: back again. Finally the bullets run out. We hear the firing
text: pin, “click, click". Boy is he relieved. He takes a cork from
text: a bottle and plugs up a bullet hole. A beat. Then he's hit by
text: a succession of arrows. He drops to his knee. After a beat, a
text: huge cartoon-like sledgehammer raps him on the head. He drops
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: c/uU SNOW
dialog: A blizzard?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: C/U SNOW SCENE SLOBE
text: The snow is falling on a miniature chalet inside.
scene_heading: C/U HIBBING FROM MUSTACHE TO CHIN
speaker_heading: HIBBING
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: Rosebud.
dialog: 
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: C/U HIBBING'S HAND
text: The snow globe falls from his grasp.
speaker_heading: C/U SNOW GLOBE
text: Hits the floor and shatters. On the surviving giobe base is
dialog: written: “Been Shot? Call Rosebud Hospital’. Through che
text: distorted POV through a broken hunk of glass, we see a WOMAN
text: exit the house. WE HEAR a CAR SPEEDING OFF.
scene_heading: INT. SYMPHONY HALL
text: Ryan plays brilliantly. The music is soft, sweet, romantic,
text: sad, so damn sad. We HEAR SOBBING from the audience and
text: orchestra. Ryan too is overtaken by emotion. His chin
text: quivers, tears start te rell down his cheek, they fail onto
text: the violin strings, causing the strings to vibrate with a
text: "plink, plink". It came at the perfect time in the music
dialog: selection.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN BLUFF - MERCEDES ~- NIGHT
text: THUNDER rumbles. The car door is open, the RADIO ON to Ryan's
text: performance. As we PAN, we see we are at an isolated spot
text: overiooking the ocean. An opera gloved hand tosses a pistol
text: into the dark waters. Several beats and we hear "Plunk". A
text: moment passes as our person stands in reflection,
dialog: contemplating the questions, "Is life over?", "Has life
dialog: begun?" Unfortunately the splash of the gun is quite
dialog: formidable. It's traveled several hundred feet, and it douses
dialog: our person.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Revealed to be our mystery lady. She spits out a stream of
dialog: water.
scene_heading: INT. SYMPHONY HALL - RYAN
dialog: 
dialog: On his knees Jimmy Hendrix style...putti
dialog: g lighter #luid on
text: his burning violin. A big orchestra fi 4
dialog: ish and...
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE - AUDIENCE
text: All rise for a standing ovation. Even a SEAL is applauding.
text: One tuxedced male stage-dives, and is passed around, heavy
dialog: metal concert style.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STAGE
text: Ryan is spent. He's given the debut of a lifetime. Several
text: sets of room keys are tossed onto the stage. From che
text: ience, éxclaims of "“Bravo!, Bravo! He leeks up
text: hamtly to the Goodhue cheater sox. He's surprised to
dialog: < is empty. He kas little @ to dwell on :
text: of flowers is handed to Ryan by an usher. A Japanese gardener
text: hands him a birch sapling. A white aproned butcher hands fim
dialog: a side of beef. Oh the adulation.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE
text: The applause still brings down the house. Ryan comes off
text: stage, he has a towel around his neck. Famous boxing corner
text: men, LOU DUVA and BURGES MEREDITH as his “Rocky” character,
text: carrying water and a stool, accompany him. He passes by a
text: scene from “The Godfather II", the white suited local mafia
text: don, FANUCCI, has the theater owner's daughter at knife
text: point, her father pleading for her life. Fanucci takes time
text: to congratulate Ryan, "Bravo". But Ryan has something on his
text: mind. He approaches HARRY, the old Stage Manager, who is
text: cleaning out his pipe.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You're Harry, right?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I used to be, but I've gone
dialog: through extensive
dialog: electrolysis.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: There's a message for me from
dialog: Mrs. Goodhue,
text: Harry hands him a note.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S CONVERTIBLE - MINUTES LATER - NIGHT
text: A concerned Ryan driving.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (V.0.)}
dialog: {troubled}
dialog: Ryan darling, Hibbing knows
dialog: about us. He's angry. He's
dialog: left the city. I desperately
dialog: need to see you. I'm
dialog: frightened. And I'm out of
dialog: milk. Can you pick up a half
dialog: gallon?
text: He locks on his dashboard where an 8x10 of Lauren Goodhue
text: sits. It’s signed, "Yours in adultery, Lauren." Ryan thinks
dialog: back:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BACK
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE SEASIDE ESTATE - DAY
text: Breathtaking piece of property with a unique glass home built
text: in the hillside, A gathering of ‘The nds of the
text: Symphony" on the lawn. Wealthy diplomats, dignitaries,
text: everyone is dressed casual but upscale.
dialog: 
scene_heading: SUPER: THREE MONTHS AND ONE DAY AGC
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN
text: An immocent, naive Ryan, in @ worn suit and shoes, He carries
text: a@ beat up violin case. Wearing glasses, conservative,
text: shortish hairstyle, he drinks a beer from a mug. Finished, he
text: sets the mug on a tray, the weight causes the tray to fall
text: out of the hands of the waiter, dumping the contents on the
dialog: lap cf a socialite.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Playing croquet, hits a shot. Back-up to add body finesse,
text: and bumps into Ryan. He's not happy to see her.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Ryan, about this afternoon...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I've already forgotten our
dialog: afternoon of love making and
dialog: you dumping me and breaking my
dialog: heart because you love someone
dialog: else.
text: Trying to get him to forgive her.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Join us, please.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I haven't played since che ‘92
dialog: Glympics.
text: He picks up a mallet, tests it. His backswing knocks over a
text: table, startling the party geers. The mallet head is ;
text: loosened, he swings forward, it flies off and hits a man in
text: the head, he drops like a rock. Ryan rests the mallet on His
text: Shoulder, kKlunking a man in the back of his head, ne’sS out
text: coid. Cass has finisned another shot.
dialog: 
text: Ryan walks to the ball. On the way he gets a number of
text: wickets stuck around his ankles.
speaker_heading: ) ANGLE ~
scene_heading: LAUREN AND HIBBING GOODHUE
text: We meet LAUREN GOODHUE, the raven-haired, sexually charged
text: wife of Hibbing. They chat with guests.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GUEST
dialog: Hibbing, have you spoken with
dialog: Robert McKintyre now that he’s
dialog: been named UN Secretary
dialog: General?
speaker_heading: HIBBING
dialog: We've been in constant touch
dialog: since our days at Ticklewood
text: Upon Buttocks.
text: Lauren spots Ryan.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN'S POV - RYAN'S BUTT
text: Removing the wickets, he's bent over. And that butt is soooo
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Now the wickets are entangled around his hands. As Lauren
text: @ approaches, we see the coldness between Cass and Lauren.
text: Shaking hands.
text: Hibbing approaches. Cass smi
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Mrs Goodhue, this is the man I
dialog: told your husband about.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Mrs Goodhue.
dialog: Lauren.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Ah, no, Ryan.
dialog: 
dialog: bd
dialog: (T
dialog: o
dialog: les when she sees hi
dialog: 
text: obvious she and him are having a hot relationship.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: My husband, Hibbing Goodhue.
speaker_heading: HIBBING
dialog: Mr Harrison. After the party,
dialog: we'll make music.
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: He makes a point of x
dialog: calculated gesture,
text: She is crushed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: with Cass.
dialog: 
text: In the process of satting down his mallet, Ryan rams it into
text: the crotch cf a member of the Arab Consulate. The ABAB
text: DIPLOMAT folds in pain and drops to his knees.
speaker_heading: ARAB DIPLOMAT
dialog: AAAceeeaaa .
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: {to Lauren)
dialog: Muslim prayers.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Ryan playing his violin. Hibbing accompanies on the piano. He
text: runs down the keys, and the keyboard is very long, really
text: long, will it ever end? As Ryan plays, he sees Lauren,
text: lovely, sensual. During a piano solo, Ryan emphases the music
text: by whipping his bow in the air, "Whoop, whoop". The whipping
text: movement makes Lauren tingly. She takes a cigar from an
text: ornate cigar box. Rolis it in her fingers. Then over her
text: thighs. Now starts to lick the tip suggestively. Ryan becomes
text: a bit aroused. He is standing behind an end table, the drawer
text: slowly starts to open. He watches carefully as she bites off
text: the tip of the cigar. Aw, Ryan can feel that in his happy
text: zone. The drawer quickly closes. She loves the effect she has
text: had on him, she smiles coyly, tobacco in her teeth.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Finishes the audition to nice applause.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Cranks a wheel, which has rubber hands attached to it, |
text: wearing white gloves. They slap, more like a baseball card in
text: the spokes sound, against a stationary hand, ‘clap clap
dialog: clap”. :
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I felt every finger movement.
dialog: Hibbing, what do you think?
text: She hands her husband the cigar. Hibbing seems uninterested.
text: He picks up his brandy snifter, fish swim in it, walks _te the
text: bar. His back now to us. Ryan's sense of it is he has failed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Hibbing and I have only been
dialog: married for two months. I'm
dialog: afraid I can't read his moods.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2i
speaker_heading: 6 RYAN
dialog: No need to apologize.
dialog: (heartbroken)
dialog: I...I'1l be going. Thank you
dialog: for your time.
text: He opens his violin case, he takes out a London Fog coat,
text: hat, and rain boots. Puts his violin inside.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Ryan...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Don't bother. I'll show myself
dialog: out. Good day.
text: He walks off. We HEAR a series of 0.C. CRASHING SOUNDS and
text: GLASS BREAKING.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~. HIBBING
text: Turns around. He‘s been steeped in thought.
speaker_heading: HIBBING
text: Ryan, just a moment. When
dialog: you've been in the porta-potty
dialog: e game as long as I have, you
dialog: can always smell a winner.
text: He's mixed cocktails, with little umbrellas in them.
speaker_heading: HIBBING (Cont'd)
dialog: It appears my wife was right,
dialog: we have ourselves a musical
dialog: protégé.
text: He hands drinks to Lauren and an overjoyed Ryan, who is
text: shaking a wastebasket from his foot, Lauren takes Ryan's
dialog: drink from him.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Ryan wants a real man’s drink.
text: Lauren removes flowers from a vase.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (Cont‘d)
dialog: Congratulations.
text: She pours a bottle of vodka in the vase. Opens and sticks an
text: actual umbrella in the vase.
speaker_heading: e LAUREN (Cont ‘dl
dialog: 22
dialog: Zr hope y
dialog: Bottoms uw
dialog: be.
dialog: 
text: See chugs her glass.
speaker_heading: HIBBING
dialog: I think this deserves a kiss
dialog: don’t you?
text: Ryan puckers up. Quickly realizes the kiss is meant for Mrs.
text: Goodhue. He unpuckers. Hibbing takes one step toward her and
text: she wants nothing to do with him, she quickly hoids up 4 lot
text: of luggage. A plane ticket in her mouth.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Don't miss your flight.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOME - DRIVEWAY - MINUTES LATER
text: Lauren and Ryan wave as Hibbing drives off. Lauren turns to
dialog: Ryan. She's hot for this guy.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Will I be signing 2 contract?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: A simple handshake will do.
text: He goes to shake her hand. She takes it, sensually licks
text: “ between his fingers.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I spilled a root beer.
text: She cradles his hands.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: So soft. Yet so powerful.
dialog: They could crush me like a
text: Marine in heat.
text: He removes his hands. She wants to kiss. He'd love to, but he
text: pulls back.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Please, no. My head is
text: spinning like a dreidel ina
dialog: sandstorm. I should go. It's
text: hot out, and the leather seats
text: are burning up.
text: He gets in his convertible.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I'm wearing a thin skirt, let
dialog: me cool that seat off for you.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S CAR - DAY
text: Ryan takes off the "bear trap" device ala "The Club" from the
text: steering wheel. Lauren gets in next to him. Kisses nim. Her
text: tongue actually comes out his ear.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: That's some kiss.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I won a contest in the army.
text: He opens the car door. He can't go on.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You're a married woman, and
dialog: I'm not.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You don't know what you're
dialog: missing. I used to lick
dialog: envelopes for a living. Those
text: long manila ones.
text: As Lauren slides out of the car, the envelope imagery sizzles
text: in Ryan's key erogenous zone, we see the car antenna slowly
text: rising.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Walking toward the house. Ryan's hand gently rests on. her
text: shoulder. She knew he couldn‘t let her go.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: He’s fifteen feet away, that's one long arm. She runs into
dialog: his arms. .
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: This.is so wrong. But it feels
dialog: so right.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: RYAN (Cont'd)
dialog: (a sensual whisper}
dialog: i'm not wearing any underwear.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: (near orgasm)
dialog: Oh...
text: They kiss. Camera does a 360 around them, and around them...
text: che cameraman gets dizzy, staggers, leans over, places down a
text: bucket. As the camera is held from his face, and shooting his
text: and Ryan and Lauren's feet, we HEAR him VOMITING.
scene_heading: THE FLASHBACK ENDS:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Ryan driving. He's on his car phone. As he drives, the cord
text: gets tangled in the steering wheel.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (ANSWER MACHINE)
text: Lauren or Hibbing aren't in.
dialog: Please leave a message. BEEP.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: it's Ryan, I got your note.
dialog: I'm minutes away.
text: The phone cord is hopelessly caught on the wheel. He just
dialog: lets it hang.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: THUNDER. Sean is checking the murder scene. Lightning
text: illuminates Sean's black-gloved hand grabbing the map off the
text: bar. Lights from a car. He ducks out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOME - NIGHT
text: Ryan drives up. Cell phone wrapped around end dangling from
text: the wheel. He exits the car, his coat draped over his
text: shoulders, very continental, and wearing a hat befitting a
text: true musical maestro and carrying his violin case. He notices
text: only one light on in the house. He doesn't notice a shadowy
text: figure hurry by the window as he heads around the back of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: EXT. POOLSIDE DOOR - NIGHT
text: Ryan finds the door is ajar.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Hellc?
text: No one in sight. He enters. The WINDCHIMES TINKLE im che
text: breeze. A crash of LIGHTNING and THUNDER as he enters.
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 25
text: Sean stands in the shadows. He freezes when he hears:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Darling?
dialog: 
text: Sean jumps him from behind. For a moment Ryan feels good
dialog: his arms:
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Mm, it feels good. But we
dialog: can't live like this anymore.
text: He soon realizes it’s an intruder. A struggle ensues. The map
text: with "Hylander" falls from Sean's hand. Ryan sees it float
text: into the lit fireplace.
speaker_heading: THE FIGHT:
text: During the fight Sean is in the shadows. In fact, no matter
text: where he goes or ends up, he’s in a shadow. Ryan finds that
text: quite amazing. So Ryan can't make out who it is. LIGHTNING
text: casts light into the room off and on during the struggle.
text: Ryan is swung around and slammed against the glass window,
text: from the EXTERIOR we see he looks like a human Garfield
text: ~ suckered to the window, his face mushed up against the glass.
text: He's pulled off, but his lips, acting like suction cups.
text: stick, stretch, then snap. Ryan is spun against the wall,
text: nose to nose with a painting, then dragged to the floor. The
text: map has been stomped on, and all the scuffling causes it to
text: be kicked under the couch, and out of sight.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FLOOR - RYAN AND SEAN
text: Sean is on top of Ryan. Ryan grabs the guy's arm. In the _
text: struggle, Ryan is mortified as he ends up with an artificiai
text: right arm. Lots of wires, sparking, pulleys. Sean stands up
text: as does Ryan. Sean throws a left. Ryan blocks it. Sean throws
text: what would be a right. Ryan ducks the “missing arm" punch.
text: Sean’ snatches the arm back and runs. Ryan dives and tackles
text: him. An artificial leg comes off in his hands. And he sees he
text: is face-to-face with the deceased.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ HIBBING
dialog: 
text: Ryan is startled. Jumps to his feer. Sean snatches his leg
text: back, Throws a cushion at Ryan who struggles with it mightily
text: as Sean hops away. Ryan n@lly throws off the cushion, gets
text: to his feer. Catches up with Sean.
dialog: 
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
dialog: 
dialog: Has hastily put his leg and amm back o nowever...che arm is
text: where the leg should be and the leg is jammed into his
text: shoulder. It looks dumb. Ryan punches him in the face, an
text: eye, attached to a spring, falls from Sean's head. Ryan
text: thinks he has the upper hand until ne is hit on the head from
text: behind with a fireplace shovel, ‘twang! “ He falls to the
text: ground. He starts to stir when a coffee table is tipped over
text: on him. Sean starts to rearrange his parts. He speaks to a
dialog: person 0.C.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: {annoyed}
dialog: Where the hell where you?
dialog: (indicating to
dialog: Hibbing)
dialog: This is a mess.
text: He hoids up the map.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: He found out, I see. Just as
dialog: well, I would have had to kill
dialog: him anyway. As for this sorry
dialog: bastard...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Out cold. His image outline is visible ala Hans Solo‘s
text: encased in carbonite.
speaker_heading: SEAN (0.C.}
dialog: Our patsy is ready for the
dialog: taking.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE HOME - FRONT DOOR - NEXT MORNING
text: We HEAR a KEY TURNING in the door. (The following events
text: occur at a quick clip). The housekeeper, MARCIE, enters.
text: Before she can close the door, she is startled, she puts her
text: hand to her mouth in the classic ‘woman screaming" mode, and
text: lets out a bloodcurdling scream. The room is ransacked. Two
text: bodies on the floor, ‘the dead Goodhue, and the uncomscious
text: Ryan. She HEARS a bigger and more bloodcurdling SCREAM.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LIVING ROOM
text: Lauren is standing at the top of the stairs. Marcie,
dialog: rl
text: startled, screams. Lauren, not seei Marcie, is startled.
text: and she screams.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Marcie, call the police!
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MARCIE
dialog: Speed dialing.
speaker_heading: POLICE (ON PHONE)
dialog: Police.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRONT DOOR
text: The door is opened. The MATLMAN sees the body and screams.
text: Startling Marcie then Lauren, and we HEAR the cop on the
text: phone SCREAM. Ryan moans. Everyone screams at once.
scene_heading: INT. GOCDHUE LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ryan lays on the floor. He starts to come to. Goodhue's body
text: lays beside him. A vulture sits nearby.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SGT ORONO
text: SGT ORONC, a young hot-shot, with other police and a coroner,
text: are on the scene. They help Ryan to the couch.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I feel dizzy.
speaker_heading: CRONG
dialog: Put your head between your
dialog: legs.
text: Ryan drops his head between his knees. Unfortunately -he rams
text: his head on the coffee table. He goes limp.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - LATER - DAY
text: Orono and a paramedic escort Ryan from the home. He's been
text: taken into custody by the confident, precise, all business LT
text: PERGUS FALLS. He has a slight Southern lilt to his voice.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: (to a cop)
dialog: Van Atter, bring the blood
dialog: sample to the lab. And don't
dialog: go carrying it around ail day.
text: The female special agent, SGT BAGLEY, approaches.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: 28
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: He has ne ngerprints, an
dialog: there are no fingerprints on
dialog: any of the weapons.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: And no fingerprints on the
dialog: knife that killed the plastic
dialog: surgeon Yanock Savack. I think
dialog: we just might have us a serial
dialog: killer.
dialog: (to the gathered)
dialog: Back, give us room here.
text: Neighborhood types back up.and fall off a cliff.
scene_heading: ANGLE - NEWS MEDIA
text: Hordes of TV, radio and newspaper reporters.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Fifty microphones come out of nowhere, left, right, from
text: under frame, from the top of frame, of all types and sizes,
text: including a vintage 30's radio-type microphone, several boom
text: microphones, and one large turkey leg. All are thrust at him,
text: all hit him in the head, "thumb, bump, boop", he drops out of
text: sight. The cops help him to his feet and walk him through
text: this gauntlet. The one question shouted out time and time
dialog: again is, "Why did you murder Hibbing Goodhue?" Ryan iS __
text: confused, scared. Fergus and the cops get Ryan through the
dialog: mob. -
speaker_heading: ANGLE - AMBULANCE
text: Lauren is questioned by Sgt Orono.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: {tearful}
dialog: Ryan and I were having sex for
text: months. Hot, steamy, sweaty
dialog: sex. Every part of my body.
dialog: tingled. Orgasm after
dialog: orgasm...
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: £ just asked for your name.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh, Lauren Marie Goodhue, Mrs.
dialog: Hibbing Goodhue. I was weak to
dialog: Ryan's charms. He wanted me to
dialog: leave Hibbing... .he said he
dialog: 23
dialog: would
dialog: dream |
dialog: 
text: The body bag containing Hibbing Goodhue is zipped up.
text: Revealing it‘s an Armani garment bag. Lauren falls apart,
text: consoled by Marcie.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Why, why? Now I'm going to
dialog: have to start dating again.
text: Lauren bursts into tears.
scene_heading: ANGLE - POLICE CAR
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You have to believe me. I've
dialog: been wrongfully accused.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Guilt or innecence, it’s not
dialog: my job. My duty is to bring in
dialog: scum-sucking punks, like
dialog: yourself, who are accused of a
dialog: crime. A jury of twelve really
dialog: stupid people who are easily
text: swayed by rich, fat cat, self
dialog: serving, asshole lawyers, whoa
dialog: will do anything but tell the
dialog: truth, will sit in judgment of
dialog: you...it‘'s as American as a
dialog: burrito.
text: Fergus does that hand on the prisoner’s head as he leads Ryan
text: into the backseat of the patrol car, only the door is shut.
text: Ryan raps his head, the door is opened in his face, he flops
text: inside the car. They drive off. The trunk has one of those
text: signs you see on the back of a “Just Married" car. But this
text: homemade sign states: "Just Murdered Someone". Tin cans and
text: old shoes hang from the bumper.
speaker_heading: SOUND: GAVEL
dialog: Bleeds over:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY JAIL ~ NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Ryan, scared, hands cuffed, along with other prisoners,
dialog: marched cto @ prison bus.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (V.0.)
dialog: Ryan Jack Harrison of Jones,
dialog: Indiana, you have been found
dialog: guilty of murder. on August
dialog: 58
dialog: 
dialog: Prison, you shall have your
dialog: sentence carried out.
text: He watches as the bus's "destination sign" is changed from
text: "Disneyland" to "A Hellish Prison”. A GUARD, a
dialog: necked, tough, nose tackle kind of guy, ‘however
text: reads: “Mrs. Austin"), pokes him with a trenchant to get on
dialog: the bus.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS - NIGHT
text: Ryan puts the correct fare in the meter. Goes to his seat.
text: The bus drives off.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (V.0.)
dialog: You shall be executed buffet
text: style. electrocuted, lethally
text: injected, and placed before a
dialog: firing squad, and may God have
dialog: mercy on your soul, you
dialog: bastard you!
text: We HEAR the SLAMMING of a GAVEL. The gavel impact startles
text: Ryan and ECHOES in his ears as he sits down. The bus pulis
text: out. In the b,g. an airline stewardess is handing out bags of
text: almonds. He can't believe this is happening.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BUS WINDOW
text: ~ Ryan in a deep funk. Stuck onto the window is a bouncing
text: Garfield dressed in prison clothes.
scene_heading: RYAN'S POV - ROAD SIGN
dialog: *Food/Lodging/Executions--Next Exit".
scene_heading: INT. BUS - ANGLE ON RYAN
dialog: How can this be happening? Wait! A ray of hope?
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN‘’S POV OF "McCARTY HOSPITAL"
text: A blinking sign reads: "We Specialize in Artificial Limbs".
text: Another sign: “Lose Two Limbs, Get One Free!“.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~- RYAN
text: Perks up.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: The one-armed, one-legged.
dialog: one-eyed man!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ~ GUARD
text: Sitting behind the driver.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (trying to reason}
text: iowas set up by Lauren. Just
dialog: like that time I was arrested
dialog: for smuggling cocaine into
dialog: Columbia. Don't you see that?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Quiet!
text: He jabs him with his nightstick. Ryan has finally had enough.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: How dare you, sir.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: How dare you,
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: No, how dare you.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No, no, how dare you.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: How dare you "no, no".
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You dare to dare me?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: How dare you how dare me when
dialog: I how dare you.
text: The Guard is about to clunk Ryan on the head.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS'~ DRIVER
text: Name tag says “Yorick", looks back at the altercation for
text: only a few seconds. As he turns his attention back to the
text: road, horror strikes him. A banana peel in the road.
text: He honks. Panics. Screams. Shields his eves with his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL COUNTRY ROAD - PRISON BUS FRONT TIRE
text: Runs over the peel. The bus swerves, it's out of comcrol.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: Goes rough the guardrail,
dialog: and x , and rolls, and ro
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS
text: Guys tumbling around like rag dolls (they are limp rag
dialog: dolls).
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS
text: Last roll, the dust settles. Ryan, wearing a seatbelt, is
text: sitting in his seat, hanging upside down. After a beat, he
text: undoes the belt. He forgot about this gravity thing. He falls
text: head-first te the ground.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN
text: Pops into frame. A wastebasket on his head. He pulls it off.
text: Views the damage. We hear a con moaning.
speaker_heading: CON (0.C.}
dialog: God no{ I'm all wrinkled.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS
text: Everyone is alive, but because cf all the tumbling, the Tough
text: Guard, the driver and the cons have been knotted together.
dialog: They're human pretzeis.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TOUGH GUARD
speaker_heading: TOUGH GUARD
dialog: (to Ryan)
dialog: Untie us.
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Help.
text: Holds up the keys. Ryan takes them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Unlocks his handcuffs. Lots of locks on each cuff. One cufti
text: is kept on by one of those slide bolt and chain door locks.
text: He's finally free of his chains. As he bends down to help the
text: victims, something out the window catches his eye, a LIGHT
text: off in the distance, he thinks nothing of it. He unties legs
text: that have been French-braided together. Then he remembers the
text: Light. He springs to his feer. The light has gotten closer
text: and he HEARS a TRAIN WHISTLE.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (familiar, but what
dialog: is that sound?)
dialog: Woo woo?
dialog: 33
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BUS - NIGHT
text: It's right on the railroad tracks. The bright light of the
text: train is off in the distance. The TRAIN‘S WHISTLE sounds a
dialog: warning.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS - RYAN
text: He stuffs victims out of the busted-out windows. He looks to
text: the outer side~view bus mirror. The train light is getting
text: closer. The sound louder, more ominous. On the mirror is
dialog: written: "Objects Are Closer Than They Appear. Move Your .
text: Ass!" Yipe! He has to move faster. All the time the sound of
text: the train is getting closer and closer. The light shines
text: brighter, illuminating the intericr of the bus. The last
text: victim is out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BUS - RYAN - NIGHT
text: The train is only several ydrds away.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - WHEELS
text: Lock, screeching, sparks flying. WHISTLE blaring.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BUS - RYAN
text: Ryan jumps free just as:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON BUS
text: Train light blinds us as the train hits the bus. Pushing it
text: down the track.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - WHEELS
text: It derails. Tumbles off down the steep hill.
scene_heading: EXT. STEEP HILL - RYAN
text: Rolling. Finally gets to his feet. Looks back only to see:
scene_heading: ANGLE - STEEP HILL ~- TRAIN
text: Gut of contrel, coming at him. The bright light cbscuring the
dialog: engine.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STEEP HILL - RYAN
dialog: 54
dialog: Running like crazy, che i 7 i ind } He takes 4
text: sharp right turn, the d i e@ same, "Naw!" He
text: takes a diversionary 1 q the train does the same, and
text: stays right on his butt. How could this be possible? He dives
text: behind some boulders.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE - BOULDERS - RYAN
text: Covers his head, awaiting the train. Doesn't hear anything.
text: All is quiet. Ryan peeks around the boulders. The train peeks
text: around some boulders nearby. They see each other. The train
text: WHISTLES out a warning. Takes off toward Ryan, "Cripe!" Ryan
text: runs. The train back in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Ryan leaps onto the road. The train right behind him. At a
text: railroad crossing, he runs along the tracks.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN WHEELS
text: As luck would have it, the train hops back onto the tracks
text: with loud SQUEALS and SQUEAKS, and sparks flying.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - RYAN
text: Can't run anymore. He stops. Turns.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Looking into the glare of the train light. We HEAR the hyper
text: DINGING of a close-by crossing gate.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RYAN AND TRAIN
text: Just as it approaches him, it takes a turn.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TRAIN
text: It follows a bend in the tracks, and is heading off into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Relieved, tired, safe at last. He starts to laugh. He beat
text: the train. And he's free! As the laugh builds, from out of
text: nowhere the crossing: gate comes down, hitting him om the
text: head. Laughs stop. He drops like a rock.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - PRISON BUS WRECK - HOUR LATER
text: Tow truck and road crew are cleaning up the wreck. Ambulance
text: and paramedics are tending to the injured cons, driver and
text: Tough Guard, State Police are also on the scene.
dialog: 35
scene_heading: ANGLE - BYSTANDERS
text: Watching from behind yellow police tape. Pushing herself to
text: the front of the lookie-loos is Cass. At one point the yellow
text: police tape ends, and barbed wire and World war It German
text: soldiers stand guard.
scene_heading: ANGLE - POLICE CAR
text: Pulls up. Lt. Falls gets out, as do his assistants, Sgt Crono
text: and Sgt Bagley. They take notes, snap to it when he gives
text: erders. Police photographers are doing their job. Fergus
text: catches a quick lock at Cass as she walks off. Does she look
dialog: familiar?
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: What have I got?
text: Listening is a trooper wearing one those “Smokey” hats. A hat
dialog: that has a brim twice the size of the others. Fergus can't
dialog: help but focus on that stupid hat.
speaker_heading: SGT ORONO
dialog: (holds up empty
dialog: cuffs and chains)
text: One prisoner is missing,
dialog: Ryan...
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: {remembers him)
dialog: Harrison. Damn! He's killed
dialog: the driver.
speaker_heading: SGT BAGLEY
dialog: Yorick.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Poor Yorick, I knew him well.
dialog: {to all)
dialog: We got us a murderer on th
dialog: loese. Listen up! .
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ BYSTANDERS AND CASS
text: Cass seems relieved to hear Ryan is free. She heads for her
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FERGUS
text: On the move.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: 
dialog: 36
dialog: ill be on foot, and
dialog: A man that tired, a
dialog: man possibly hurt, would have
text: a stride of four feet, two and
dialog: three quarter inches
text: wearing boxer shorts, four
dialog: feet even with the
dialog: restrictions of a brieZ. He's
dialog: im prison garb, t-shirt, shoes
dialog: weigh two pounds three and one
text: half cunces. We're locking at
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (wets and holds up
dialog: his finger)
text: five mile wind from the north.
text: Humidity fifty-seven percent.
dialog: Which means he will cover four
dialog: miles in one hour. He's had a
dialog: one and three quarter hour
dialog: lead on us. Bagley,
dialog: {to Bagley)
dialog: get me roadblocks around a ten
dialog: mile radius.
dialog: (to trooper in big
dialog: hat)
dialog: Set up communications with all
dialog: law enforcement, that's state,
dialog: county, and city.
dialog: (te Orone)
dialog: Get me Governor Carlson, I may
dialog: need the National Guard.
dialog: {stops a cocktail
dialog: waitress carrying a
dialog: drink tray)
dialog: Diet Coke, no ice.
dialog: {to all, looking to
dialog: the sky}
dialog: The sun‘ll be up in twenty-one
text: Minutes, eighteen seconds.
dialog: People, I want this Harrison
dialog: before noon!
scene_heading: EXT. AREA BACKYARDS - MORNING
text: Ryan running through a series of backyards, plucks clothes
text: off a clothesline. Grabs an apple from a tree. While running.
text: he's eating the apple and changing his clothes. Hopping out
text: of his pants. Hopping inte another pair. While pulling 4
text: shirt over his head, he loses sight of where he is and bangs
text: into a tree. We get a look at his stclen clothes, a woman's
text: plouse and a pair of jeans a few inches too small im the
text: waist. He quickly regains his senses. & dog comes at him,
text: snarling, barking. Ryan jumps over a fence. Good. A man's
dialog: 
dialog: 37
dialog: 5
text: jacket hangs from a garden shed. Takes a step, right on a
text: vake, it comes up and hits him in the head.
scene_heading: EXT. "ROMAN'S" GAS STATION AND BAIT SHOP - MOMENTS LATES
text: A tired, sweaty, thirsty Ryan, jacket now on, approaches.
text: He's trying to pull himself together. He calls out to the
text: station owner, ROMAN, who is working on the engine of a car.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: My car broke down a bit up the
dialog: road. I’ma little thirsty,
dialog: can I get some water out of
dialog: your hose?
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: {nods to pump area}
dialog: Right over there.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Puts the hose in his mouth.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~- ROMAN
text: Adding a can of oil to the car. We HEAR a RUSH OF AIR filling
text: what seems to be a huge balloon. Curious, Roman turns to see:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Hose in his mouth, his cheeks puffed out to almost bursting.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: (never saw this
dialog: before)
dialog: That's the air hose.
text: Ryan pulls the hose from his mouth. As he does, the air
text: escapes, with that deflating balloon sound, his lips
text: flapping, “Pppppppp". Roman sees this is a really strange
dialog: guy. .
text: A police squad car is driving down the street. Ryan enters
text: Roman's to duck out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. "ROMAN'S" ~ DAY
text: Bait, live and artificial, lots of fishing gear, poles, etc.
text: PRED is waiting to pay for a new lure. Ryan quickly looks
text: over the poles. Tests the play in them. He whips the pole
text: behind his head and brings it forward as if he's casting. The
text: line has caught onto poles, hip waders, lures, a sunglass
text: display; they go whipping over his head and into the far
dialog: wall.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Has a good feel to ik.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: (jibe to Fred}
dialog: Still fishing off Gray's Bay?
dialog: (snickers)
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I did see a man get off a sub
dialog: and head for the Goodhue
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: After how many beers?
dialog: Ryan finds this very interesting.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: The night of the murder?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ryan realizes he's drawn attention to himself. Roman checks
text: Ryan out. Ryan spots his "Wanted" poster on the wall. A dead
text: ringer picture of himself, staring right at him. vipe!
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I'll take this rod. I'll write
dialog: a check. You have a pen?
text: Roman warily hands him one. As he gives Fred his change, Ryan
text: draws big, Buddy Holly glasses, a long ZZ Top beard, and
text: blacks out a few teeth on the "Wanted" poster. He finishes as
text: Fred exits.
text: Roman, drinking a cup of coffee, approaches.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: T've never seen you in
dialog: Columbia Heights before,
dialog: Mr...?
text: Ryan looks past him to the corkhoard. We see a few of the
text: brand names he starts ticking off for his story.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Waxworms. I was born elong the
dialog: shores of the Eurc Larvae
dialog: viver in Rapala.
dialog: 35
dialog: 
text: Roman glances at the strange looking anted" poster.
speaker_heading: RYAN (Cont'd)
text: Couple of husky jerks brought
dialog: me to Spoon Plug, South
text: Dakota, near Timberdoodle.
dialog: Zebco brothers, Smitlick and
dialog: Fat Cat. The Swiss and baby
dialog: lunker they call them, real
dialog: jitterbugs. I just remembered
dialog: I can‘t go fishing today. I
dialog: have a big meeting in Menzrum.
dialog: (pronounces mens
dialog: room: "menzrum*
dialog: I'd forget my genitals if they
dialog: weren't superglued between my
dialog: legs.
dialog: {explaining}
dialog: Water-skiing accident.
text: He starts to leave. Roman pulls a gun.
speaker_heading: ROMAN
dialog: Don't move, Harrison!
text: Ryan is about to raise his hands when Roman pushes him aside.
text: Roman's gun is trained on:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MAN
text: “ Big Buddy Holly glasses, long 2Z Top beard, and a few blacked
text: cut teeth. He looks exactly like Ryan's alterations on the
dialog: poster.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Quietly exits.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~- ROMAN
text: As he dials 911 his eyes focus on a corkboard, and as in
text: "The Usual Suspects", it hoids Ryan’s story. Names of lures,
text: rods, bit and tackle: Waxworms, Euro Larvae, Floating Rapala,
text: Husky Jerks, Spoon Plug, Timberdoodle, Zebco, Smitlick, Fat
text: Cat, Swiss Lunker, Baby Lunker, Jitterbugs, and Mens Room,
dialog: which Ryan pronounced “"Menzrum‘.
text: Roman drops his coffee cup in slow motion. Tt crashes to the
text: floor. He's been handed a story.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOME - DAY
text: As a bus pulls away, Ryan cautiously approaches the house. A
text: van, “Davey's Lawn Care" is parked, no lawn person im sight.
dialog: 48
dialog: 
text: EAR the sound of MOWING from the shoreline lawn.
text: makes sure mo one is watching. He peeks in a window.
text: looks for a huge key, inside which conceals a small rac He
text: takes the rock and throws ic through the door glass, unlocks
text: the door. Enters.
dialog: Ryan
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GOODHUE HOME - DAY
text: Ryan looks around.
text: FLASH OF BRIGHT LIGHT
text: A quick moment of the Ryan and Sean fight.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: Remembering the horror of it all.
text: FLASH OF BRIGHT LIGHT
text: More fight. Tussling, grappling. Two of the positions Ryan
text: and Sean are in look rather sexual, a rolling on the floor
dialog: 69er, and doggie style.
text: FLASH OF BRIGHT LIGHT
text: A woman skip-reping naked from the waist up.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: “Has no idea what the hell that flashback was about.
text: FLASH OF BRIGHT LIGHT
text: Piece of paper burning in the fireplace.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: From the fireplace he takes out fragments of a charred map,
text: with the red circle spot.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Submarine.
text: And ‘the name Hylander. And that series of numbers. a noise of
text: a key in the door. Ryan hides.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRONT DOOR
text: Cass enters. She's grabbed by the arm and swung face-to-face
text: with Ryan. A harder, wiser Ryan.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: It's you!
dialog: 
dialog: 4l
text: He grabs her wrist.
dialog: Ryan with a,
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Geshundteit.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: A key!
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Oh, yo no sabe usted hable
dialog: espanol.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Cut the French. You let
dialog: yourself in.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I'm a friend of Lauren's.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Friend? She's just the person
dialog: I want to talk to. Your Popeil
dialog: pasta maker is grinding out
dialog: fettuccini laced with lies. I
dialog: may be a pirate, a poet, a
dialog: pawn and a king, I've been up,
dialog: down, over and out, but I'm no
dialog: chump. Why are you here?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: No one's been in the house
dialog: since Hibbing's death, so...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: The killer always returns to
dialog: the scene of the crime, that's
dialog: what you're thinking, isn‘t it
dialog: toots?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: T never said that.
speaker_heading: . RYAN
dialog: Someone said it.
speaker_heading: . CASS
dialog: You just did.
dialog: °Oh yeah, right" Look.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I wanted to look for clues.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: That and a cup of coffes ,
dialog: get you a dime.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I think you're innocent.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I've let my guard down twice
dialog: in my life. Twice bitten and a
dialog: penny short.
text: He covers our view of Cass. The actress leans around him
text: awkwardly to be included in the shot.
speaker_heading: RYAN (Cont'd)
dialog: All I had was a one way ticket
dialog: to Palookaville, but then this
dialog: oyster was at my feet. People
dialog: stood, bravoed, they ovated. I
dialog: was somebody, I was a
dialog: contender. Now I got white
text: flashes and bits of burned
dialog: paper to clear my name.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: You've got more than that,
dialog: Ryan, you have me.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I've been Mr Doormat long
text: enough. A woman has wiped her
text: feet on me for the last time.
dialog: And from where I'm standing,
dialog: you're a woman, from your tips
dialog: to the top of your head. And
dialog: lady, this pooper scooper is
dialog: through being stuck with all
dialog: the crap. This petting zoo for
dialog: chumps is closed for good.
dialog: Stay away. This rooster
dialog: doesn't crow for anyone.
text: He exits. She quickly runs to the answering machine. Pops out
dialog: the tape.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOME ~- DAY
text: We HEAR 4 SIREN! It's Fergus. lights flashing. Blocks the
dialog: drive.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DRIVE
dialog: 43
text: Fergus, Bagley and Orone burst out of the car.
text: the car is the big police emblem with the motto
text: and to Protect". The car rolls forward as Fergus
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FERGUS
text: The bus stop in front of
dialog: Roman's is the 550 Express tc
dialog: the Public Access Beach. Scour
dialog: every inch of the area. Orono,
text: chase the car, put it in park.
text: Orono runs off.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (Cont'd)
dialog: Bagley, I want everyone
dialog: interrogated. Surname,
dialog: micknames, last names,’
dialog: confirmation names. Do
dialog: foctprint analysis, DNA,
dialog: throat cultures...
text: An amply endowed lady rollerblades by. He barely looks at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PERGUS (Cont'd)
dialog: Bra sizes. I'll see who
dialog: belongs to those trucks. Go!
dialog: Go! Go!
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE HOME - DAY
text: Fergus is looking in the trucks as Ryan, his back to us,
text: wearing a “Davey's* jacket and cap, is working away with a
dialog: weedwhacker,
text: Ryan works his way around the back of a fence, he cuts down
text: each picket one by one, then a lamppost, a mailbox, a stand
text: of flowers. He notices he's cut the tips of his shoes off.
text: The frayed leather exposes his socks.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FERGUS
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: -{into cell phone)
dialog: I'll need further units, a
text: road block, and a copter.
text: Fergus notices the cut up fence.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Harrison?
dialog: {could he have
dialog: been?)
dialog: Where's that gardener?
dialog: 
text: Fergus draws his gun. Runs down the
text: che house, unseen.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Ryan runs across the busy street.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: A truck sounds its horn, will he stop in time? Ryan lays
text: down. The truck passes over him. He's unscathed. But 4
text: closely following street sweeper comes by and he gets caught
text: up in the brushes. He twirls around from brush to brush.
text: Finally the ordeal is over. He stands.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FERGUS
dialog: Calling out to Bagley and Orono:
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: That is our man!
text: He, Bagley and Orono converge on a dizzy Ryan.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S CAR - DAY
text: Cass sees Fergus and his gang almost on top of Ryan, who is
text: too dizzy to run straight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Cass drives, purposely cutting Fergus, Bagley and Orono off.
text: They stop as she passes by. Fergus gets a quick look at the
dialog: car. And now no Ryan.
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: She meant to do that.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: Women .
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~- FERGUS
text: Sees a manhole cover is off, HEARS SPLASHING of feet.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Gotta gopher.
text: (as he enters the
dialog: manhole, he's
dialog: snapping orders)
dialog: Spread out, sse where this
text: comes out.
dialog: 44
dialog: 48
dialog: 
dialog: (he's out
dialog: but pops hi
dialog: up for one more
dialog: thing)
dialog: Call the Department of...
text: Never gets to finish. Oreno tosses the manhole cover back on,
text: clobbering Fergus on the head. We HEAR an ECHOING "Flannggg!"
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S CAR
text: Cass has observed. She takes out a “Sewers of the City" guide
text: map, peels out.
scene_heading: INT. DRAINAGE TUNNEL
text: Fergus is holding his head, gun in hand. He's wearing his
text: official police water-wings as he runs through the tunnel.
dialog: Splash, splash, splash.
text: CAMERA IS LOCKED OFF. We have Fergus and Ryan running up and
text: down the tunnel, back and forth criss-crossing, always just
text: missing each other. A’ lot of splashing in the water. At one
text: point, Ryan slides down a tunnel, laying on his back, his
text: arms folded, it's like a waterslide. He ends up at a wired
text: off end of the tunnel that is piled high with debris. He
text: tears off the fencing, freeing the jam up, a huge boulder
text: rolls at him. Ryan runs, the boulder on his heels. He grabs
text: onto a root and swings as the boulder passes under him and
text: rolls 0.C. to the SOUND cf HUGE BOWLING PINS being knocked
dialog: down.
text: Fergus hears this, runs.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TUNNEL
text: Ryan running, pulls up just in time.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN'S POV
text: The tunnel drains into the dam spillway. We see his feet ;
text: hanging over the edge of the pipe. His toes rip through his
text: shoes and grip the pipe edge. To check the situation out, he
text: leans forward, at an impossible angle. He slowly straightens
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: He's trapped.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (0.C.)
dialog: Hands up!
text: Panic. He raises his hands.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FERGUS
dialog: 
text: Gun trained on Ryan. reaches behind his belt, we expect
text: handcuffs, but he pulls out a large pair of leg shackles, and
text: ball and chain.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: It's over, Harrison.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: T've been wrongfully accused!
text: It's the one-armed man. He
dialog: could have been in a sub off
dialog: Geodhue's shoreline. There was
dialog: amap. The name Hylander...
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: {not interested)
dialog: You've been convicted of
dialog: murder and have killed twice
dialog: since then, I'm taking you in.
text: Ryan looks over the edge.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: No...
text: Fergus comes toward Ryan. Ryan fills with resolve.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: No...I‘'m not going back.
text: Ryan turns around.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN
text: Gains a bit of courage. Holds his nose. Leaps, but having
text: forgotten about the low height of the tunnel, he jumps up
text: instead of forward. He bangs his head into the tunnel
text: ceiling, he's unconscious on his feet, he wobbles, falls.
text: Fergus runs to the edge and sees:
scene_heading: EXT. HUGE DAM
text: Ryan inside the torrent of water which roars into che
dialog: spillway. “
scene_heading: ADVENTURES OF RYAN IN THE RIVER:
text: He pops up, a fish is in his mouth, he spits it out. With a
text: salmon at his side he tries to wriggle up the spillway. The
text: raging river is toe strong, it takes him down stream. He .
text: slams into and is dragged over every possible rock and log in
dialog: 47
dialog: o obvious
dialog: is", an
dialog: 
text: the river, inclu i into a buoy
text: it's a dummy). Finally he goes over "Big Muth
text: enormous drop.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. LIFEGUARD STAND AT RIVER'S EDGE - DAY
text: There sits a Female Lifeguard ala “Baywatch”. The young,
text: nubile beauty points cut into the river. Grabs her life buoy,
text: runs. We now do a shot-for~shot parody of the “Baywatch”
text: opening. But add a lot more gratuitous butt, breast, and pec
text: shots. Ryan is nowhere to he found.
scene_heading: EXT. SPILLWAY - LATER
text: We see Fergus and his pecple. Fergus is upset.
speaker_heading: PERGUS
dialog: This river empties into
dialog: Sullivan Lake, which has four
dialog: islands, an average depth of
text: 23 feet and a playland with a
dialog: merry-go-round not unlike the
dialog: one in the 1973 delightful
dialog: Redford, Newman romp, "The
dialog: Sting". Winner of seven
dialog: Oscars. The sequel didn't have
dialog: the heart nor the story. And
dialog: Mac Davis, please. I want cops
dialog: up and down this river. A
text: dozen divers. Sheriff's boats
text: thick as gators on a drowning
dialog: man. People, find this
dialog: fugitive!
dialog: (aside to Bagley)
dialog: What the hell was all that
dialog: Hylander and sub stuff about?
dialog: (mm)
dialog: Orono, get me the Ccast Guard.
text: Orono stands by one of those WWII signal lights that
text: communicated between ships. He flashes off a signal.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Hylander?
scene_heading: INT. DANK APARTMENT
text: Ala the “get ready for the kidnapping” montage from “Ransom".
text: Quick cuts to: Bed with handcuffs attached to the bed post.
text: Drilling a peep hole through the door. Space heater is turned
text: om. A spice rack is put om the wall. A hand with "B-o-b-b"
text: tattooed to the fingers putting up insulation. Thac hand we
text: reveal belongs to BOB VILA, who is hard at work.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 48
scene_heading: INT. KIDNAP ROOM
text: Sean is ready. He snaps on the TY.
speaker_heading: ANG’
dialog: 
dialog: - Ty
text: We see The UN’s ROBERT McKINTYRE, waving to a crowd. Sign
text: reads: "Welcome UN GUY". Greeting a few dignitaries. A
text: newsperson, DON, is on the scene.
speaker_heading: DON (TV)
dialog: Cindy, as you see, the UN
dialog: Secretary General, Sir Robert
text: McKintyre, has arrived in
dialog: Columbia Heights. He'll be
dialog: speaking tomorrow at Husset
dialog: Park, in the "Celtic Days”
dialog: celebration.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: He diais a phone. Places his "voice box scrambler“ over the
text: mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: {female voice, very
dialog: Jennifer Tilly,
dialog: it's wrong)
dialog: It's Shamrock.
dialog: {he adjusts the
dialog: sound to a deeper
dialog: masculine voice)
dialog: Tt’s go. One hour. And
dialog: counting down.
text: He hangs up. Turns to:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Slips into a red wig. She looks beautiful, and deadiy. In 4
text: micro-second she assembles her automatic weapon, loads, and
text: cocks the bolt. A stove timer goes off “ding". She turns to
text: the stove and, oh so Martha Stewart, bastes beautifully
text: prepared cornish game hens. What a woman! Sean reaches for 4
text: bird leg. Lauren snaps back to the hardened terrorist, and
text: butts him with her weapon. He fails out of frame.
scene_heading: EXT. ISOLATED ROAD ~ HALF HOUR LATER
dialog: pe
text: Ryan is wet, exhausted but free. Or is he? A car pulls ©
text: front of him, cutting him off. It's:
scene_heading: EXT. CASS'S CAR
dialog: 
dialog: 46
text: he throws open che door. Several maps all over the interior.
text: Ryan is startled.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: (urgent, te Ryan)
text: There's a police helicopter in
dialog: the sky.
text: The SOUND of a HELICOPTER off in the distance, He jumps into
text: Cass's car. She drives off.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S CAR
text: She drives and hands him:
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: (hands him pants,
dialog: shirt, jacket)
dialog: Change into these. I’m sure
dialog: they're your size.
dialog: (hands him shoes)
dialog: They don't go with the shirt
dialog: but I think they'll do.
dialog: {wearing an oven
text: mitten, she hands
dialog: him a steaming
dialog: casserole dish)
dialog: Tuna casserole. I thought you
dialog: might be hungry.
dialog: (mands him a
dialog: flaming dessert)
dialog: I hope you'll have room for
dialog: dessert.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Really beat. Fish flopping up and down off his lap.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I need someone to believe in,
dialog: Cass. I need a friend.
text: She kisses him.,He puts his arm around her. Water pours from
dialog: the sleeve.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Iocan’ tell your 1
dialog: tongue thi
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CASS'S CONDO - DAY
text: Cass's car pulls into the parking garage.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S LOTH FLOOR CONDO ~ DAY
dialog: 5@
text: in the lock. Cass opens the door, Ryan
text: s and bolts the door. Then he looks out
text: the window. Pulls the shade. Pulls the shade on a second
text: window. Pulls a shade over a landscape painting. Pulls 2
text: shade over the front door. He looks the place over
text: paintings are framed around the room, mostly of wil
text: lakes, landscapes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Make yourself comfortable.
dialog: (lightening the
dialog: moment)
dialog: If you feel like buying a
dialog: painting, make an offer, Or if
dialog: you care to pay my rent, feel
dialog: free. Things have been a bit
dialog: slow lately.
text: Ryan has been checking into and behind everything.
speaker_heading: . CASS
dialog: I still live alone. There's
dialog: nothing to be afraid of.
text: She takes him out on the patio.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - DAY
dialog: The city and bay lay before us.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: We're ten floors up. No one
dialog: can see you.
text: Ryan starts to relax.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.C.}
dialog: (from street}
dialog: Hi, Cass. Who's your new
dialog: friend?
text: Ryan draws back from the rail.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: T can’t relax. I'm the hunted
dialog: one. Every time I think I'm
dialog: out, they pull me back in. No,
dialog: I can't do this to you.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Zowant you to do this to me.
dialog: You can't face this alone.
dialog: St
text: She puts her hand on his. He turns
dialog: great.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Ryan, I can help. I took this
dialog: tape from Hibbing's answering
dialog: machine. Lauren said she never
dialog: wrote a note, you never called
dialog: her. This is proof you did.
text: He goes to take it. But she pulls it back.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: To the cops there's no proof
dialog: in this pudding. I'ma
dialog: cornered badger, ‘il: live by
dialog: my wits, I'll eat my young. I
dialog: have to clear myself. I have
dialog: to find the one-armed, one-
text: legged, one-eyed man.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: We will. What did you find at
dialog: the house?
text: He places the burnt map on a patio table. She sits. He joins.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: This refers to a sub.
dialog: Hylander...
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: A code. Here, these...
dialog: The numbers: 051297.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: License number? Lottery
dialog: ticket? Wait.
text: She makes slashes with a pen: '05/12/97".
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: A date?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Jermaine Jackson's birthday?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: t'm mot sure.
dialog: a2
dialog: 
text: A whisp of heir hangs over her rehead. He gently oushes it
text: off her forehead. A like lock of hair hangs from Ryan's head.
text: She brushes it back.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I have to move on. Here's
dialog: looking at you, kid. You're
dialog: the thing dreams are made of.
dialog: But me and women, we're like
text: fire and water, flammable and
dialog: wet.
text: He kisses her on the forehead, leaving a big red lipstick
text: mark. He enters the condo. She follows.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S CONDO ~ DAY
text: Ryan collapses from exhaustion, he swoons. She grabs onto
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: You're exhausted. I'll give
dialog: you a sponge bath, a bracing
dialog: enema, and make you something
dialog: to eat. Put your weight on me
dialog: and I'll take you into the
dialog: bedroom.
text: He does. No way she can hold him. They fall out of frame. A
text: candy dish from a coffee table flies into the shot.
scene_heading: EXT. ISOLATED ROAD ~ DAY
text: It's where Cass picked up Ryan. The squad car is parked
text: nearby. Fergus, Bagley and Orono search the roadside.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: A picnicker said she saw a
dialog: man, wet and dripping, walk
dialog: this way.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Gather all the leaves for
dialog: trace evidence. Shoot and gut
dialog: every animal in the park, the
dialog: stomach contents might contain
dialog: droppings, something that
dialog: could be a clue. Donate the
dialog: meat to charity. The hides are
dialog: to be made into warm socks for
dialog: the poor. The bones ground
dialog: inte dog foed. I want nothing
dialog: wasted. Here we are. Fresh
dialog: tire tracks, of 4 kind found
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 33
text: on the new Mercedes sedan, a
dialog: @ car of choice Ya pretty,
text: young, professional woman.
dialog: Someone cool, calm, beautiful,
dialog: someone in the arts,
text: photographer, painter. A woman
dialog: who has a mysterious past. I
dialog: feel it. I'm as sure about
dialog: that as I am that's an
text: anaconda.
dialog: 
text: A huge snake attacks Bagley. They wrestle. The others keep
text: moving on. She finally shoots it.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (Cont‘'d}
text: A man's footprint, depth of
dialog: print indicating the height
text: and weight of Harrison.
dialog: Imprint there indicates he's
dialog: carrying change in his right
text: pocket, a dime and a quarter.
dialog: I was right. Woman‘s prints.
text: Slender, firm thighs, in her
dialog: 20's.
dialog: {of course}
text: The woman in the Mercedes that
dialog: . cut us off fits her to a tee.
dialog: @ License number was JLD738.
dialog: Davy Crockett died for our
dialog: sins, he's had someone helping
dialog: him all along. Cali Motor
dialog: Vehicles, get her address.
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: We'll pick her up.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: No, there's a better way to
dialog: find out what a woman knows.
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: Take her to dinner and a
dialog: movie, lie to her and say you
dialog: . love her?
text: Bagley answers her cell phone.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: That works, but not in this
dialog: case. We stake out her place.
dialog: She'll lead us to Ryan
dialog: Harrison.
text: @ Bagley offers Fergus the phone.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: Cass Lake. Says she knows
text: where Ryan is. With her.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM
text: Ryan sleeping. Opened phone book on the nightstand. He wakes
text: as he hears a door quietly closing. Startled, he sits up. It
text: must have been Cass. He notices carved into the headboard,
dialog: “Ryan (heart) Cass*. He feels comfortable being here. He
text: notices Cass left a change of clothes. And food is on a tray.
text: Spaghetti, his favorite. He turns on the TV. He does the fork
text: twisting in the spoon thing as he watches.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TV
text: A commercial. The images are elderly people, slipping and
text: falling in an arena ice rink.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (0.C.)
dialog: Henningsen and Sachs Present
dialog: "Old People on Ice” now
dialog: through November at the Marnie
dialog: Ice Arena.
text: Newscast comes up. With key graphics. Our newscaster, CINDY:
speaker_heading: CINDY (TY)
dialog: For thirty-six hours Ryan
dialog: Harrison, three time murderer,
dialog: has been a fugitive. Lt.
dialog: Fergus Falls is heading the
text: world-wide manhunt. Police
dialog: helicopters, dogs, psychics,
dialog: and thousands of police are
dialog: involved. Plus millions of
dialog: average citizens who would
dialog: give their left nut to come up
dialog: with that fifty~thousand
dialog: dollar reward. And who
dialog: couldn't use that income? A
dialog: couple on a fixed income. A
dialog: teacher. Especially a
dialog: Struggling artist. I
dialog: personally wouldn't trust one
dialog: of those for a million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
dialog: "Artist?’...he's heard enough. Why wouldn't Cass turn him in?
text: He's twisted the spaghetti around his fork, the whole plate
text: of spaghetti. it's all the way up his arm. It's like a
dialog: SS
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: spaghetti mufi. He slices out < Or
text: almost shut. He opens it. Cass is spea g soft
text: phone. It's a hushed conversation. He can‘: hea.
text: the remote. Mutes the set. As he does, we see the Newscaster,
text: Cindy continue talking. Then realizes no sound is coming out
text: of her throat. She yells. Still she can't hear anything. She
text: panics. She yells for help. The Stage Manager comes onto the
text: set. As he talks te Cindy, he toc realizes he has no voice.
text: They both panic.
text: Ryan has heard Cass say "No, he's alone." He closes the door
text: quietly. He has to know more about Cass. He searches her
text: dresser drawer. Under a lot of very racy underwear, he finds
text: a scrapbook. Looks through it.
scene_heading: INSERT - SCRAPBOOK
dialog: Articles about her paintings. Clippings about Ryan: His rise
text: to stardom. His murder conviction. A wedding announcement of
text: Hibbing Goodhue and Lauren, and a society column headline:
dialog: “Successful Businessman and Worthless Shit Wed’. Finally 2
dialog: page from "The Other Daily Newspaper’ .
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Looks it over. We see an article headlined: "This Isn't The
dialog: Story You Want”. Another headline reads: “Story You Want Is
text: At Bottom Of The Page". He sees it.
scene_heading: C/U PAPER - ARTICLE ON:
dialog: Brody Kelley, inventor of large print alphabet soup for
dialog: senior citizens, former Riverdance dancer, and accused
text: murderer and smuggler, was found hung in his cell last
dialog: evening. Well, not hung in the anatomical sense, but- actually
dialog: hung, as in killed himself. Kelley was convicted when his
text: boat, containing guns and ammunition destined for Northern
text: Ireland, was blown up in Bey Bay. A second man was injured,
text: but never found, presumed dead.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: -(to himself)
text: Second man was blown up.
dialog: {could it be?)
text: The one~armed, one-leaged,
dialog: one~eyed man?
dialog: Back to the article.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O/U ARTICLE
dialog: 56
dialog: “That's all you have c Se you don't have to read any
dialog: more of this article. picture the story. 25'S
dialog: Mrs. Xelley, he can't make her out. Sut it's a red haired
text: woman in a crowd at graveside. Could it be:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Mary Kelley?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: He can't believe it. He takes out his picture of Mary Kelley.
dialog: It's her! He also finds letters from Mary Kelley to Cass
dialog: Lake. Letters postmarked from Northern Ireland. And
dialog: surprisingly articles and pictures of his first trial and the
dialog: escape, under his real name Robert Decker. What he doesn’®
text: see is an article that falls to the floor.
scene_heading: C/U ARTICLE ON FLOOR
dialog: “Dr. Yanock Savack was arrested for performing surgery
dialog: enabling noted criminals to..."
text: Cass's foot accidentally steps on the story. As she:
scene_heading: ANGLE - CASS .
text: Enters. She has a gun. Ryan panics. Before anything is said,
text: there's pounding on the front door.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: It's the police!
text: Ryan believes he's been betrayed. To make a quick exit, h
text: tosses a jar of face powder at her. But it blows back in his
text: face as he has tossed it in the direction of a fan. He scoops
text: up the answering machine tape from the dresser, and the cloud
text: masks his retreat into the bathroom, passing the TV where
text: paramedics are tending to the Newscaster and Stage Manager's
text: throats. Of course the paramedics can't hear each other talk.
text: They keep gesturing, “What! I can't hear you!".
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: A window is a bit out of reach. He walks 0.C. We HEAR 4
text: mighty RIPPING SOUND, a SPLASH OF WATER. Walking into frame
text: is Ryan, carrying the toilet. Cass is pounding on the decor.
speaker_heading: CASS (0.C.)
dialog: Ryan, you can‘t get away,
text: Ryan places the toilet under the window, steps on it, climbs
text: out the window.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: S7
text: Fergus, Orono and Bagley burst in, guns drawn.
scene_heading: EXT. CASS'S BATHROOM WINDOW - DAY
text: Ryan sees a large hamper containing rags below. He has no
text: choice. He jumps.
scene_heading: EXT. CASS'S CONDO - FRONT YARD - HAMPER
text: Ryan flops inside. The lid clamps shut. Two men in protective
text: suits, complete with hoods, gas masks and rubber gloves,
text: wheel the hamper to the back of their truck. In the b.g. we
text: see "Bell Day Care Center". The hamper is dumped into the
dialog: truck.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK
text: Ryan tumbles out. He emits a big sigh of relief and then:
text: "Blaa!* He's in a mound of brownish, yellowish, stained white
text: cloths. Whoa and the stink! The doors are closing. Leaving us
text: with a panicked look on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK ~ MEN
text: The sign on the door reads: "Rosener Diaper Service --You
dialog: Shit ‘Em, We Clean ‘Em!"
text: The truck drives off.
scene_heading: INT. CASS'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Fergus breaks in. But no Ryan, no Cass.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: We throw a shoe each time we
text: start to gallop.
text: Grabs a framed photo of Cass.
speaker_heading: FERGUS .
dialog: This is Cass Lake. Face of an
dialog: angel. Tag and log everything.
dialog: I want carpet fibers, people.
dialog: Vacuum!
scene_heading: EXT. ROSENER DIAPER BUILDING - DAY
text: The truck pulls up. The men, still masked and gloved, open
text: the back door. We don't sse Ryan as they grab a bundle of
text: diapers and head for the building. Ryan, blue from Holding
text: his breath, hops out from under the pile. Bolts our of the
dialog: truck.
dialog: 
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Takes his first breath. A huge gasp of air. Plants sway in
text: the intake. He hurries away from the truck.
text: He smells mighty powerful. Flowers wilt as he passes by them.
text: As he passes under a tree, a bird, still holding on to a
text: branch, flops into view from above. Ryan passes an outdoor
dialog: newsstand.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - NEWSSTAND
text: As he walks by, he grabs magazines. Each magazine he passes
text: bursts into flame. Ryan ducks into an alley.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: Ryan tears out the perfume adds and rubs them over his body .
text: Then he sees:
scene_heading: EXT. "MCCARTY HOSPITAL" - DAY
text: A rather large complex. A blinking sign reads: "We Specialize
text: in Artificial Limbs". Another sign: "Lose Two Limbs, Get One
dialog: Free!". "Legs Legs Legs!" The perfect place to search for the
dialog: killer.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: As he crosses the street, we see a car drive into the
text: hospital parking lot. Lauren at the wheel of the car.
text: Banners welcoming the UN General Secretary hang from
text: lampposts.
scene_heading: EXT. "McCARTY HOSPITAL" - AMBULANCE ENTRANCE ~ DAY
text: Nearby is an “Amundson Glass Co.” truck. The "Sperm Donor
dialog: Night Deposit Box" is very visible to us. Very lictle
dialog: activity.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Sees a way in. Grabs.a white paramedic's coat from 4 cab of
text: an ambulance...or so he thinks it is. He enters the hospital.
text: A sign on the door reads: “No Shirts. No Shoes. No Surgery”
text: We see he has a lab coat with "Hemak Meat Co." on the back.
scene_heading: INT, EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Nothing going on. Ryan walks in. Puts a stethoscope around
text: his neck. He reads the call board: "Records" is on floor 5.
text: Suddenly we HEAR multiple SIRENS, sounds of TIRES SCREECHING.
text: Paramedics wheel in what seems like an endless stream of
dialog: 59
dialog: 
dialog: Ryan i
dialog: en i ht in the middle
dialog: a madhouse. &
dialog: ims up to Ryan.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Thank God you're here...
dialog: (reads his Meat Co
dialog: coat name badge,
dialog: "Sanchez", she
dialog: assumes: }
dialog: ...Dr Sanchez. Because of
dialog: cutbacks, you're the only
dialog: person on duty.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: No, no...
text: A huge SECURITY GUARD looks at him askew. Ryan feels he
dialog: better play along. Tosses out TV doctor things...sort of.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Start me fifty V.c.s of
dialog: Gemilitarized Veldilhum. Save
dialog: the helminium for the NFL pre-
dialog: Op sodium chloride multi-grain
dialog: aldagram.
text: A paramedic is administering a drip.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (regarding the IV
dialog: drip)
dialog: Let me adjust that.
text: He adjusts the drip rate. The damn thing empties in seconds.
text: liquid pours from the patient's ears.
text: RYAN BOUNCES FROM PATIENT TO PATIENT
text: Making his way to the elevators. The security guard watches
text: him very closely. Ryan places the stethoscope on odd parts of
text: the body as he orders:
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: ‘Appendectomy. Tonsillectomy.
dialog: Lance that.
dialog: {indicating a man)
dialog: To maternity. To O.R.
dialog: (indicating oid
dialog: lady}
dialog: To Drug Rehab.
dialog: (eumning out of
dialog: hospital places)
dialog: Ah, to cafeteria. To gift
dialog: shop.
dialog: 58
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: This man's been shot
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Over there in the ten bullets
dialog: or less lane.
dialog: (to another
dialog: patient)
dialog: Nurse, administer 200,000 cc's
text: of adrenalin.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Speaks to the O.C. Nurse.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: But? Damn your “but!" This is
dialog: a human life! 200,000 cc's!
text: A huge bucket of water douses the patient.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC 2
dialog: Doctor, you'd better see this.
text: A woman, covered in a sheet, is in stirrups.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Ah, no thanks.
text: He's at the elevator.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ SECURITY GUARD
text: Stops Ryan. Everyone is so busy in ER, they don't see:
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: I'd like te speak with you.
speaker_heading: - RYAN
dialog: Yes. Just let me take off
dialog: this...
text: Ryan casts out the stethoscope, it hooks in the Security
text: Guard's ears, Ryan yanks him toward him, punches him in the
text: face. Grabs his gun, sticks it in the back of his waistband.
text: Drags him in the elevator. Doors close.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. 5TH FLOOR ELEVATORS
dialog: 61
dialog: Ryan gets :
text: handcuffed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE - SECURITY GUARD 2
text: Saw the guard in the elevator. He comes at Ryan.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD 2
dialog: Hey you!
text: Ryan reaches for the gun in his waistband, but it falis inte
text: his pants. A fight starts. During it, the gun hangs in the
text: seat of Ryan's pants. It looks like he's carrying a major
text: accident in his underwear. He makes repeated dips into his
text: pants to retrieve it, but can't fish it out. He finally
text: unzips his pants and shoves his hands around inside his
text: shorts, trying to grab the thing. A very odd sight to
dialog: Security Guardg 2. The best Ryan can do is stick the barrel
text: out of his fly hole. Security Guard 2 finally nas the drop on
dialog: Ryan but:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Knocks him out with a bed pan, "Twangggg".
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Quick.
text: They drag Security Guard 2 into an examining room.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINING ROOM
text: Ryan has the gun from his pants.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Of all the hospitals in all
dialog: the world, you've got to walk
dialog: into mine.
text: She holds up the yellow page she ripped from the phone book.
text: McCarty Hospital has been circled in pen..
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: It's lucky you left this
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (sweet, tender}
dialog: Don't speak. Ssssh. Put your
text: hand in my pocket.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: What am I looking for?
dialog: 62
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: © Nothing, just missed you,
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I hoped you'd say those words.
dialog: Ryan, I...love you.
text: He claps his hands, backs away, with a smug, "Aha, got you"
dialog: feel.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (sarcastic, very
dialog: Bogart in attitude,
dialog: snapping out the
dialog: dialogue at a
dialog: breakneck speed)
dialog: You believed me just now,
dialog: didn't you? You were lit up
dialog: like Dennis Rodman at
dialog: Christmas.
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: "I love you." You're good,
dialog: you're very good.
text: Grabs her by the shoulders.
dialog: @ mean
dialog: Your shamus bloodhounds can’t
dialog: be far off.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I didn't call the police.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You eat with that mouth?
dialog: You're dealing with my heart.
dialog: And my heart isn't just an
dialog: aviscus of cardiac muscle that
dialog: maintains the circulation of
dialog: my blood and is divided into
text: four cavities, two atria and
dialog: two ventricles. It's that big
dialog: red, bloody thing that holds
dialog: my love. You said you believed
dialog: me innocent at your condo.
dialog: Then you made a call, pulled a
dialog: gat and sicced Johnny Law on
dialog: me,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: The gun was for your
dialog: e protection. And I called the
dialog: 
dialog: airlines,
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Put on & sweater.
dialog: says,
dialog: 63
dialog: To wanted to get you
dialog: out of the country. Chile.
dialog: Airlines she
dialog: my protection she says.
dialog: I wish I had a Quarter Pounder
dialog: with cheese every time I've
dialog: heard Chat old chestnut. Lies
dialog: are like bananas, they come in
dialog: big yellow bunches. Well, I've
dialog: got the blender on liquefy,
dialog: and I'm making you up a4 good
dialog: old fashioned dose of reality
dialog: smoothie. You knew IRA
text: gunrunners.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: No, no, not reaily...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: One got blown to bits. And
dialog: he's the one-armed, one-
dialog: legged,
text: The guard moans
speaker_heading: CASS
text: . She whacks him without looking,
dialog: one-eyed killeri
dialog: *fwannng’ .
dialog: You read an article about a
dialog: man named Brody.
dialog: knew my mother, I
dialog: my father,
dialog: dog. I never knew
dialog: mother, a father,
dialog: It's not what you
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Me, think? I quit
dialog: days ago. But the
dialog: spinning up here,
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: -head}
dialog: I thought he
dialog: might be my father.
text: abandoned as a child.
dialog: I was
dialog: IT never
dialog: never knew
dialog: I never knew my
dialog: I hada
dialog: or a dog.
dialog: think
dialog: thinking
dialog: wheels are
dialog: baby,
dialog: his
dialog: and they're kicking up crushed
text: rock as I peel out and speed
dialog: toward you,
dialog: little nutcracker
dialog: Princess.
dialog: I‘m Robert Decker,
dialog: You seé,
dialog: Kitten, the
dialog: whose been
dialog: dancing to your suite.
text: Im a gesture of affection, she places her hands on his head,
text: unfortunately over his ears. He can’t hear.
dialog: 64
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Yes, cf course, it was your
dialog: eyes, I knew I knew you.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Netenyahu?
text: She removes her hands.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: I knew I knew you. thought
dialog: you'd been set up. I followed
dialog: your story. I found you. I
dialog: took you to Savack. But when I
dialog: went back, you were gone.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: This is all so confusing. So
dialog: far it seems to me, no one
dialog: seams to be who they seem to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Huh?
text: He has her shoulders.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I have so little time to get
dialog: this job done. Where I go, you
dialog: can't follow. I'm not trying
dialog: to be noble but it's like
dialog: one big hill of beans. Either
dialog: way, I'm going to trust you.
text: Cass had a hard time following that. Moan from the Guard.
dialog: Another “wannnng".
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - OUTSIDE RECORDS ROOM
text: Ryan and Cass see a sign hanging on the door: “Back In Ten
text: Minutes“. He cries the door. Locked. An idea. He gestures for
text: Cass to give him a hairpin. She acts as the lookout as he
text: sticks the pin in the lock. Jiggles it around. The kmob and
text: docr plate crash to the floor. The damn thing is still
text: locked. Cass points out the duct work in the ceiling. Ryan
text: sees two workmen carrying a pane of glass to replace 4
text: viewing window in the nursery. They're using those hand
text: suction cups. An idea begins to stir in Ryan's brain.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - WORKMEN
text: Joined by Cass. She stands in front of them.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Guys, do I need breast
dialog: implants?
text: Whips open her blouse. The workmen block our view. But
dialog: "Zowlel"™
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN
text: Sees they are distracted. Ryan dislodges the suction devices.
text: He walks off with them. On the way, he accidentally suckers
text: onte the wall. In pulling it off, he suctions onto a food
text: cart. A janitor throws open a door. As it swings open, to
text: block it from hitting him, Ryan holds up the suctions, and he
text: suckers onto the door. Pulls them off and suctions onto his
text: crotch, yank, yank, yanks. The janitor watches, it‘s very
text: strange looking. Ryan yanks some more, the janitor moves on.
text: Finaily the suctions are freed, "Pop!” Aw. Ryan enters: "To
dialog: Air Conditioning”.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM 2
text: DR SEE, white haired, half glasses, lab coat, enters with an
dialog: artificial leq.
speaker_heading: DR SEE
dialog: Here we are. Sorry you had to
dialog: wait.
text: Closes the door. We see it was all a show for the people in
text: the hall. See's demeanor changes. He's covert, all business.
dialog: And why?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: Sits on an examining table. Removes his leg.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: It's ready?
speaker_heading: DR SEE
text: A work of art.
text: He hears a sound from the duct work, clip, clop, clip, clop.
text: On closer exam, we see the new leg is more in the shape of a
dialog: rifle. That's because it is a rifle. Take off the foot and
text: there's the barrel. Sean savors this new weapon.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Yes, very good.
speaker_heading: DR SEE
dialog: The price is now twenty
dialog: thousand .
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Twenty?
speaker_heading: DR SEE
dialog: My costs. My risks.
text: Sean pulls a gun and silencer, "poof". See is hit. He puts on
text: the stethoscope, listens to his hearc. He dies.
scene_heading: INT. DUCT WORK
text: Ryan is using the suction cups to pull himself along the
text: smooth duct surfaces. He dislodges a whole section of duct
text: work. Pulls it off. Moves on. Up a slight grade. Down again.
text: This should be it. He looks through a vent grate. It's the
text: “Hospital Records Room". He removes the grate. Which reveals
text: a lot of phone and electrical wires running across the
dialog: ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM
text: Ryan looks through the maze of wires to the computer below.
text: He notices the "STEINBERG" security system is on. A red laser
text: beam criss-crosses the floor in the shape of a Star of David.
scene_heading: INT. DUCT WORK
text: Ryan spreads the wires to have a better look. He loses his
text: balance, falls through the opening.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM
text: Ryan is caught up in the wires, he dangles like a marionette,
text: bouncing and dancing about, a human Howdy Doody, coming
text: within inches of the laser beams. He stabilizes. He reaches
text: for the “Off Alarm" switch, he tilts, keys fall from his
text: pocket, he catches them before they reach the beam. Now, in
text: rapid succession, a lucky rabbit's foot, sunglasses, Tums,
text: Tic Tacs, lip balm, pepper spray, gum and a yo-yo, ail
text: caught. The yo-yo though does its yo-yo thing and heads for
text: the floor. Just as it was going to enter the beam, Ryan smaps
text: it back up with a flick of the wrist, walks the dog with it,
text: puts it away. With his foot he manages to hit the "off"
dialog: switch.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL OUTSIDE RECORDS ROOM
text: Cass standing guard. Sean rounds the corner. They are face-
dialog: to-face.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Where have you been?
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Ryan is in there:
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Harrison? We kill the bastard.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Not yet. He's doing us a
dialog: favor. Just like no more trace
dialog: of Mary Kelley. Soon no record
dialog: of you. Ryan is raiding the
dialog: computer,
text: She smiles. Sean agrees. This is a good thing.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM
text: Ryan extracts himself from the last wires. Sits at the
text: computer. The keyboard is the most complicated piece of
text: equipment ever. Triple the normal amount of keys. He timidily
text: turns the computer on. “Fwing", it comes on with a miid
text: chime. He carefully hits several buttons. A disk shoots out
text: of the machine, hitting him in the chest, "Ow". He tries
text: another sequence. It brings up the menu. He clicks through
text: it. He clicks into "Limb Replacement". It contains several
text: names. He types in “Addresses”. They pop onto the screen. He
text: types up “Phone Numbers". That appears on the screen. Great!
text: He decides to print it out. He brings the printer into play.
text: The screen asks questions, he clicks "Yes" every time.
speaker_heading: C/U COMPUTER SCREEN
text: Screen: "Print?" Ryan hits "Yes". Screen: "From Pages?" Ryan
dialog: types in "23 to 24". Screen: "Thank you. How are you today,
text: good?" Ryan hits "Yes". Screen: "Getting any?" Ryan hits
text: "Yes". Screen: "Are you sure?" Ryan hits "No". Screen: “Have
dialog: you heard the one about the nun and the rabbi?" Ryan types
text: “Just Print!" Screen: "Okay...okay...asshole!" The printer
text: finally kicks in. After a beat it prints out pages. Ryan sees
text: an answering machine. He pops cut the tape. Puts in the one
text: he took from Cass’s condo.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0O. ON TAPE)
dialog: It's Ryan, I got your note.
dialog: I’m minutes away.
text: Ryan is pleased. Evidence! Then before he can turn it off:
speaker_heading: CASS (V.0. ON TAPE)
dialog: Hibbing, I know I shouldn‘tc
dialog: call. Sut you aren’t ac Ryan's
dialog: concert tonight. I've got a
dialog: gun. I'm desperately in love
dialog: with you, You...
dialog: 
dialog: &8
text: She hangs up. Ryan pops cut the rape. Grasps it
dialog: My God! She killed Hibbing! He does the classic
text: heartsick over Beroman and slamming his fist on the table”
dialog: from "Casablanca".
dialog: 
text: Ryan hasn't noticed but the printer has printed out pages and
text: pages. It shows no sign of wanting let up. Ryan snaps back
text: to reality, hits a series of keys, only accelerares che
text: printing. One steady long sheer of paper, billowing up. He
text: can't turn off the printer. The plug for the computer and
text: printer have the desk jammed up against it. He tries. He
text: can't get his hand down there. Meantime the paper is almost
text: waist deep. He looks at the computer screen, he accidentally
text: typed for the computer to print out 23232424 paces, not from
text: 23 to 24. He must have ten thousand pages by now.
dialog: 
scene_heading: OUTSIDE RECORDS ROOM
text: Paper billowing from under the door.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDS ROOM
text: The end of the print-out is entering the air conditioning
dialog: unit.
scene_heading: EXT. McCARTY HOSPITAL RECORD ROOM WINDOW
text: The "Hospital Records Room" air conditioning unit chews up
text: the paper and spits it out as confetti. We see it pouring out
text: of the air conditioner.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBULANCE ENTRANCE
text: As Sean and Cass exit, they are being "snowed on". Very
dialog: strange for this time of year.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL OUTSIDE RECORDS ROOM
text: In searching for Cass and Ryan, Orono sses the paper that has
text: billowed into the corridor. He opens the door to investigate.
text: A paper avalanche engulfs him, “Aaaaaaa!” Ryan runs out of
text: the room and down the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. McCARTY HOSPITAL PARKING LOT
text: Ryan, angry, betrayed again. He finds an unlocked car. He
text: gets inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ SEAN AND CASS
text: Lauren's car pulls up. Lauren is surprised to see Cass.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: 69
dialog: What does Ryan know?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: He was with you, right? =
dialog: called Fergus Falls using your
text: name, but he keeps escaping.
dialog: If he gets smart, he can
dialog: identify my past.
dialog: (to Sean)
text: Harrison is over there.
text: Sean spots Ryan. Pulls a knife from a compartment in the new
text: leg. Stalks Ryan.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAR
dialog: Ryan finds no key. He'll hot-wire it. He's seen this done
dialog: hundreds of times in movies.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: ’ Ryan ducks under the dash. Bulls down wires from behind the
text: dash, it's a lot of wires. He touches two together, sparks
text: fly, but the car doesn't start. He tries again and again. In
text: the course of touching other wires, he plays hell with the
text: car's electrical system. We see the antenna go up and down,
text: the sunroof open and close, windows roll up and down, the CD
text: blasting out the voice of Mario Lanza, "Be my love...!* The
text: CD shoots out of the sound system. BAGPIPE MUSIC screams from
dialog: the radio.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PARKING ATTENDANT
text: Can't figure out what's happening with that car.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: Was about to strike, but the huzzah has SECURITY GUARD 2 .
text: drawn to the sound. Sean sees this is not the time to strike.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ LAUREN'S CAR
text: Sean joins Lauren and Cass. They drive off.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~- RYAN
dialog: im to the dash. The
text: The car seat rolls forward, pinnin: 3
text: v air bags pop open.
dialog: gh.
text: imstrument panel dials blow out. The
scene_heading: ANGLE - PARKING ATTENDANT
dialog: 
dialog: 78
text: Watches as Ryan finally drive. And not too
text: successfully. He backs into a -Potty’, driving
text: it into the street. The door swings open exposing a hard~
text: hatted workman sitting on the toilet. Surprised ta be out in
text: public, as are the drivers of the cars in the intersection
text: waiting for the light to change.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA HEIGHTS POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DOWNTOWN - DAY
text: Establishing shot. It plainly reads: “Vancouver Art
text: Gallery*". At the bottom right of the screen we have:
dialog: “*Columbia Heights Courthouse".
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA HEIGHTS POLICE HEADQUARTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
text: Fergus is standing behind a clear plastic map of the city. A
text: big "X* has been placed in "Husset Park”.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: We lost him here. We have to
text: pick up his trail.
text: He walks, we notice the "X" is on his forehead. Bagley points
text: toe it. Fergus rubs it off.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (Cont'd)
dialog: Harrison murders Goodhue and
text: Savack. Enters a hospital
text: where a one-armed, one-legged,
dialog: one-eyed man would be found,
text: impersonates a doctor, nearly
dialog: kills patients, assaults
dialog: security guards, does kill a
dialog: therapist, enters the
dialog: computer, uses up all their
dialog: print-out paper, third degree
dialog: papercut wounds on my officer,
dialog: and he says he's innocent.
dialog: This department's body chalk
dialog: budget doubled with him in
dialog: town. This is one sausage that
dialog: holds some strange meat. What
dialog: about Cass Lake?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ORONO
text: Puts a suitcase on the table. Opens it up. It's siinky, sexy,
dialog: Victoria's Secret garments.
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: I teok a search warrant and
dialog: went to Lake's conde. I went
text: through her underwear drawer
dialog: 7
dialog: Six, seven, eight ti
dialog: Examined every Vy
dialog: her bras. Felt the ky
dialog: texture of her panties. Held
text: her teddies against my cheek
dialog: and thighs.
dialog: {takes a moment to
dialog: gather himself, sip
dialog: of water)
dialog: But...I couldn't figure out
dialog: how these would tell us where
dialog: she and Harrison might be
dialog: hiding.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Weil, you gave it a shot and
dialog: that's what counts. Heaven
dialog: times two! This is as tangled
text: as dredlocks in a hurricane.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BAGLEY
text: The PHONE RINGS. She lights up. Covers the phone.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: Harrison.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ FERGUS
text: Signals for a recording to begin.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RECORDING STUDIO CONTROL BOOTH
text: The Producer type inside. Acknowledges the signal. He points
dialog: off to:
scene_heading: ANGLE - WALL FILLED WITH REELS OF RECORDING TAPE
text: A technician presses a button. Nearby an Amish technician
text: works a bellows that starts a reel wrapped around a wagon
dialog: wheel. .
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - PHONE BOOTH ~ DAY
text: Ryan HEARS recorded MUSIC as he is put on hold, a muzaky
text: version of “Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head". Hangers _and
text: torn dry cleaning bags litter the booth. In the b.g. a dry
text: cleaning van, driver stopped at the mens room, drives off.
text: Ryan is in a stolen suit, tie, etc. He sees 4 newspaper, ic's
text: dated May 12, 1997. It gets him thinking.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: $~12-$37 is today.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: An assassination.
text: He looks at the newspaper headline: "UN BOSS IN TOWN. HOPE HE
text: WON''T BE ASSASSINATED".
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: RYAN (Cont’d)
dialog: I'm right.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (V.0.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hey pardner, Falls here.
dialog: Giving yourself up?
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS
text: Everyone listens over the speaker. During the call we HEAR
text: certain BACKGROUND NOISES. Everyone picks up on them, tries
dialog: to pinpoint where those sounds could be coming from in the
dialog: cities.
dialog: We HEAR a BELL.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ BAGLEY
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: (over phone}
dialog: You won't be able to trace
dialog: this call. I'm not that
dialog: stupid, Fails.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: No one said you were. In fact,
dialog: you're the guy eluding me. I'm
dialog: the dingleberry in the cream
dialog: of wheat.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Train?
speaker_heading: ORONG
dialog: Downtown rail yards? Hotel
dialog: Lobby ?
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Cass with you?
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.G.)
dialog: 
dialog: 72
dialog: 
dialog: 73
dialog: TI just threw out that saby
dialog: with my bath water. You and I
dialog: have business. Listen, I don't
dialog: speak my cud twice. Check out
dialog: the McCarty records.
dialog: We HEAR a JET fly over.
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: Airport?
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: He could be in the flight
text: pattern over Wayzata.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Why don't we go there
dialog: tcegether.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.)
dialog: Because you'll throw me in
dialog: jail. Patient Sean Laughrea.
dialog: The address will interest you.
text: Fergus‘s gesture to Orono is a “Get info" command.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0O.}
dialog: That's it. Another second or
dialog: two and you can trace this.
text: Over the speaker we hear Ryan being approached by a
scene_heading: VACATIONER. Fergus and everyone OVERHEAR:
speaker_heading: VACATIONER (V.0.)
dialog: Excuse me, we're from cut of
dialog: town, How do you get to Como
dialog: Park Zoo?
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.O.)
dialog: Easy, from Husset Park here at
dialog: Coleman and Mondale, go back
dialog: this way and take Plymouth all
dialog: the way. Can't miss it.
speaker_heading: : : VACATIONER (V.0.]
dialog: Thanks.
text: Fergus and the guys can't believe their luck. They drop the
text: phone, all run out the door as fast as they can. A beat and
dialog: we hear Ryan.
speaker_heading: RYAN (V.0.}
dialog: (he screwed up,
dialog: under his breath)
dialog: 74
text: Clicks down the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - CRANE SHOT - MINUTES LATER
text: A beat passes, squad cars from north, east, west, and south
text: converge into the booth, smashing it to shreds, banging into
dialog: ene ancther in the process.
scene_heading: EXT. FERGUS'S CAR
text: Pulis up, he, and Orono jump out of the car. Bagley remains
text: on her cell phone.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: {frustrated laugh)
text: Man is learning. He's leaving
text: a cold trail. No footprints,
dialog: mo tracks of any kind, he
dialog: wants us to do our detective
dialog: work, and by the change in
dialog: humidity and northerly shift
dialog: in the wind, I believe it is
text: going to rain.
text: it does. Orono opens an umbrella, which shelters Fergus.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (Cont‘d)
text: He is staying one step ahead
dialog: of us. Why? He wants us close.
dialog: He's onto something big. If
dialog: he's captured, they Lock him
dialog: up and some mystery goes
dialog: unsolved. Orono, Sean
dialog: Laughrea?
speaker_heading: ORONO
dialog: FBI. Scotland Yard, Interpol,
dialog: Access America, Geraldo. No
dialog: one has anything.
text: Bagley approaching:
speaker_heading: BAGLEY
dialog: Hylander is the security code
dialog: name for the UN General
dialog: Secretary McKintyre.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Yes! Tt has slapped us in the
text: face. Saddie up, veople.
text: Climbing in the car.
dialog: en ne er ninth
dialog: a
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: To McCarty! I want what chey
dialog: have on Sean Laughrea.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODHUE SHORELINE - DAY
text: Ryan cautiously looking around. He feels someone sneaking up
text: behind him. Corner of his eye he catches a black hood. He
text: plays it cool, then whirls around, socks the man in the face.
text: What looks like a man in a black hood is actually a seal. The
text: seal responds to the punch, flops over. Ryan sees Lauren on
text: the pocl deck, using an amber light to signal out to sea.
text: She's taking the tram down. to the shoreline. Ryan sees the
text: boat house. He enters.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT HOUSE - DAY
text: Ryan hears a male voice. And now a familiar one, Cass! But
text: he can't hear what they are saying. To get closer, he hides
text: behind huge "Foreign Correspondent in the Mill* big wooden
dialog: gear wheels.
scene_heading: RYAN'S POV - SEAN AND CASS
dialog: Still can't hear that well, a word or two, one being nis
text: name, and Cass saying "Kill him". Ryan can't believe he fell
text: for her lies over and over.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Enters. Snaps on a switch. Joins Sean and Cass..
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: The gears slowly come to life. We see they work a boat lift,
text: which is lowering Sean's Zodiac into the water. Ryan notices
text: his coat is caught and is slowly pulling him into the
text: grinding teeth of the gears. He tries to pull it free, but
text: no, luckily the coat comes off his body, but now his tie is
text: caught. He yanks, no luck, and his pants leg is caught, damn!
text: He quickly undoes his tie, and now his shirt is torn from his
text: body. He‘s down to his t-shirt, and his pants leg still is
text: caught. He struggles. to get out of his pants.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SEAN AND CASS
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Cass thinks we can use Ryan as
dialog: @ patsy once again.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: He's being blamed for every
dialog: murder in town. They'd have...
dialog: 76
text: She sees something strange O.c.
speaker_heading: CASS'S POV
dialog: ooks
dialog: that
text: Clothes are spinning around the gears of the mill. It
text: like a very messy dry cleaners clothes carousel. and
dialog: & shoe?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CASS
text: Stands so Sean and Lauren's backs are to the gears.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: ...their man. No roadblocks to
dialog: keep you from leaving Columbia
dialog: Heights. .
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: We have a sub. We don't care
text: about the bloody roadblocks.
dialog: We'll be gone in minutes.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: As much as E'd like to kill
dialog: Ryan myself, I agree. It will
dialog: throw everyone off our trail.
dialog: (she checks her
dialog: watch)
dialog: Sean, the sub.
text: Sean gets in the Zodiac. Lauren steps outside to watch. Cass
text: runs and picks the clothes off the gears.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: In t-shirt, boxers, socks, one shoe. Snatches the ciothes
text: from Cass's hands. Puts them on as he speaks. Dialogue has
dialog: great urgency, the terrorists could arrive any second.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I'm here to stop your
dialog: assassination of the UN
dialog: General Secretary.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: So that's it.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I'm taking Lauren, her
dialog: playmate, and you down hard.
speaker_heading: CASS
text: He's dressed.
text: He slaps her.
text: He slaps her.
text: He slaps her.
text: She slaps him.
dialog: 77
text: He's the one-eyed, one-armed,
dialog: one-l I kept Sean
dialog: from killing you at the
dialog: hospital. I had to pretend I
dialog: was one of them.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: He's finally mine. I'1l be ail
text: over him like chocolate on a
text: chin after a hot fudge sundae.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: And that's not Lauren. It's
dialog: Mary Kelley.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Kelley! Why are you with Mary
dialog: Kelley?
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: She said she was my mother, I
dialog: thought she was my sister.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: My sister.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: My mother.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: My sister, my mother.
dialog: Ow.
speaker_heading: . CASS
dialog: When I was two she left me at
dialog: an orphanage. I was told she
dialog: was my sister. I know now
dialog: she’s my mother. I haven't
dialog: been honest. Wait. that was a
dialog: lie. Sorry, not being honest
dialog: ig the truth, the parc about
dialog: it being a lie wasn't the
dialog: truth. I haven't told you
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 768
dialog: bbing and I
dialog: We were Lovers.
dialog: 
text: He slaps her.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You called off the
dialog: relationship by pumping him
text: full of lead.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: No. The gun was for me. I was
text: going to commit suicide. He
dialog: used me, just wanted to make
dialog: Lauren jeaious. Ryan,
dialog: everything is in the past.
dialog: Every new day is in the
dialog: future. In fact, what I just
dialog: said has now become the past.
dialog: What I'm saying right now is
dialog: the future, And now that
dialog: sentence is in the...
text: He's fully dressed.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: e . (confused)
dialog: Ah, good.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: We act fast, or I'll be blamed
dialog: for the assassination.
text: He sees a sapers kit.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: First I block their escape.
dialog: You have the toughest job.-
dialog: Stay with them, Don't let them
dialog: think anything is up. It's
dialog: time we turned the tables on
text: the other cheek.
speaker_heading: LAUREN (0.C.
dialog: Cass!
text: A quick kiss and Cass goes off to Lauren and the ochers.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
dialog: 79
text: Ryan sneaks out. A wind
dialog: boathouse.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SHORELINE - DAY
text: Ryan gets on the surfboard. Lifts the sail. A gust of wind
text: blows him out to sea and over the horizon, completely out of
text: sight in a micro second.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACED SUB
text: Ryan on surfboard coming back. Hits into the sub. Wearing a
text: Hawaiian lei and straw hat. He's bewildered by what just
text: occurred. But he's made it. He gets on the sub. From the
text: saper bag he takes out a brick of plastique. He shapes it.
text: Sticks it on the sub deck. Takes out a timer. Sticks it in
dialog: the plastique. The plastique is really gooey, it acts like
text: taffy. It sticks to his hand, and the timer, it gets all
text: over. Trying to scrape it off with his feet, the explosive
text: now sticks to his shoe, plus his chin. He sees the timer is
text: counting down. Damn! He frantically attempts to shake it off,
text: no good. Plastique and timer are stuck to his hand. Trying to
dialog: scrape it off from hand to hand, it just gets worse. Down to
text: . seconds. He manages to wad the stuff up in a big bail, and by
text: closing the hatch, scrapes it off. It's now in the interior
text: of the sub. At last! Ryan jumps into a Zodiac. He bounces
text: back up on deck. Cripes! Gets in the Zodiac drives off just
dialog: as:
scene_heading: INT. BOAT HOUSE - DAY
text: Sean, Lauren, Cass and the terrorists HEAR the HUGE
text: EXPLOSION, and see the shock waves blow through the opened
text: window, with the reddish hue of the explosion.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: The sub! My U2 CD's!
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: We'll have to change our
dialog: plans.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: “This place will be crawling
dialog: with police. Out!
text: Everyone grabs their gear and hustles out. Cass has a smug
text: smile on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. HUSSET PARK - DAY
text: A dozen news media, still photegraphers and video cameras
text: take pictures of SIR ROBERT McKINTYRE and MAYOR STOPKA.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: This will be a very small
dialog: photo op o ou reviewing the
dialog: Hylander drill team and
text: meeting with a local artist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Gestures to the Rockwell type artist.
speaker_heading: McKINTYRE
dialog: Mayor Stopka, I'd be delighted
dialog: of course.
scene_heading: C/U SCOTTISH HYLANDER DRILL TEAM SERGEANT
text: Saber held in front of his face.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Aha hoy!
text: Saber thrust forward. He marches.
speaker_heading: C/U GRASS
text: We HEAR the sound of the team, "step, clump, step, clump".
text: After a beat we see legs, then the gun butt hit onto the
dialog: ground, step, gun butt, etc.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PRECISION DRILL TEAM
text: Coming toward us. Step, gun butt to ground, step, gun butt to
text: ~ ground. We notice Ryan, in full kilted outfit, but his kilt
text: is longer than the cthers, below the knees, very hip hop,
text: very NBA, he's in the middle of the group. He slams the gun
text: butt on his own foot. It hurts. He reacts facially, “Mm!" The
text: teams make a smart turn to the left. Placing Ryan over a
text: grate. Air blows up his kilt. He has a heiluva time keeping
dialog: modest.
scene_heading: ANGLE - REPORTERS
text: Sean moves in among them. He favors his gun leg.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DRILL TEAM IN LINE
text: CAMERA TRACKS as the team, in smart turn, spin their guns
text: around in front of themselves. Ryan spins the gun, and it
text: goes out of his hand.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (0.C.)
dialog: Aw!
text: Ryan grabs the gun from the man next to him. The drill team
text: spins their gums and brings chem up to their shoulders, slap
dialog: the stock.
dialog: 8}
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN’S VAN
text: Lauren and Cass park among news vans. "WCCO" on the side to
text: blend in. They see Fergus, Orono and Bagley pull up. Lauren
text: is concerned.
scene_heading: ANGLE - GROUND - DRILL TEAM'S FEET
text: An ear flops to the ground, courtesy of Ryan's bayonet.
text: Ryan‘s foot kicks it away.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DRILL TEAM
text: Lined up. Camera is at the end of the line. We see the men
text: spin the guns in front of themselves. A bit too close, Ryan
text: slices off the bill of the caps on either side of him. The
text: Sergeant steps into the £.g., wounded from the bayonet
dialog: stabbing earlier.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Eyo, tennnnhut!
text: Guns at parade rest. As Ryan slams down his gun, it goes off.
text: The Sergeant, hit, drops te’ the ground. It stuns and alerts
dialog: everyone. The following happens lightning quick:
text: Fergus comes running.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Sees Fergus. Sees Sean open his leg, take out his gun. Ryan
text: shoots at Sean, no bullets. He throws the gun and dives,
text: knocking McKintyre over. Ending up knocking over the artist,
text: his exhibits and his paints.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: Is hit by the gun, it throws him off balance. Everyone sees
text: the gun. They run. Fergus, Orono and Bagley see Sean. He
text: shoots and misses at them. .
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN'S VAN
text: She starts it up. Cass takes the keys. Runs out. Lauren
text: shoots and misses her.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ RYAN
text: Gets to his feet. His face has been splashed with the exact
text: facial markings of Mel Gibson in “Braveheart’. With the
text: kilts, he looks like a Hyland warrior. Ryan has had enough.
text: He has the fierce look of Clansmen. He lets out a war yell,
text: "AWWWWI" He shoves McKintyre into a van, Is joined by Cass.
dialog: 82
text: Sean gets off more shorts. Fergus's
text: cf bullets aimed at Ryan. Allowing
dialog: to drive off.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: t c
dialog: MecKintyre and
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Pulls a news crewman from his van. Hops in. Drives at Fergus,
text: Orone and Bagley. They dive out of the way. She picks up
text: Sean. They drive off.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ FERGUS
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: {te his people)
dialog: Ryan did it, the man did it,
dialog: and he needs us. Go!
scene_heading: INT. LAUREN'S VAN
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: It's Ryan, the bloody bastard!
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Shut up!
text: Into her walkie-talkie:
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Ducklings, plan "B" a ga. "B"
dialog: a goi”
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Ryan's van driving fast. We see Lauren give up the pursuit.
text: She takes off down an alley.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S VAN
text: Ryan's wiping the paint off his face with a rag.
speaker_heading: McKINTYRE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: - RYAN
dialog: Ryan Harrison. And this is a
dialog: woman I've slept with.
dialog: AssasSins are out to get you.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: Everything will be fine, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: 83
text: Sean pulls out of an alley. Blocks them off. Ryan hits the
text: brakes. Throws it in reverse. A stinger from the roof blows
text: up 4@ van behind them. Ryan brings his van to a screeching
dialog: halt. He's blocked!
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - DAY
text: Lauren, empty stinger in hand, and the terrorists rain
text: automatic weapon fire at Ryan.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
text: Our of car and opens fire.
scene_heading: EXT. RYAN'S VAN
text: Ryan pulls the people from the burning van. Takes Cass and
text: McKintyre into a van abandoned by a frightened man during the
text: fire fight. He gets behind the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S VAN #2
text: The van is filled with car-poolers.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: It‘s alright, I'll get us out
dialog: of this.
text: Can't get the thing started. Bullets riddle the windshield.
text: He hits the wipers to clear away the glass. The engine
text: Starts, but a stinger hits the hood. Fire everywhere. He hits
text: the window spritzer. Backs up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF
text: Terrorists pouring everything they have at the van.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - LAUREN
text: Readies another stinger.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S VAN #2
text: A stinger on the way. Ryan rolls down the driver's and
text: passenger's windows, leans back, the missile goes in and out
text: the van. He backs up just as a van behind him is hit. He's
text: blocked again. He carries everyone from the van, pulls the
text: two people from the just hit van, and shoves everyone in to
text: yet a third abandoned van. A flat! Bullets whizzing around.
text: Ryan gets the spare tire. Starts to pump air into the oid
text: ene. Too much gunfire. He gets in the van...that is Rit by 4
dialog: stinger.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN’S VAN #3
dialog: 84
text: Ryan notices a receipt on the dashboard.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (how dare they)
dialog: This is a rental.
dialog: (to the villains)
dialog: The bastardsiii!
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Lauren and terrorists send a horrific barrage of fire.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Bullets kicking up everywhere. Ryan negotiates with a man on
text: the street who has a “For Sale" sign on his van. They finally
text: come to terms. Ryan carries everyone from van #3 into the new
text: van #4. Starts it up. As he zig-zags around, the van is hit,
text: loses the roof. Hit again. Back half gone. Hit again. Entire
text: body is gone. He‘s down to a frame. Then it stalls. The gas
text: gauge is empty. All seems lost.
scene_heading: _ EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Lauren calling down to Ryan.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: This is the end, Ryan!
text: Sean readies a stinger.
scene_heading: INT. RYAN'S VAN
text: Really jammed with people. Cass's head is just over his
text: shoulder in a mess of arms, torsos and legs.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Mary Kelley. Let everyone go.
dialog: Take me.
speaker_heading: CASS
dialog: ,I really don‘t think we can
dialog: get out, Ryan.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Damn!”
text: APPROPRIATE CUTS FROM ROCF TO VAN
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: You're so naive. So gullible.
dialog: Do you know how stupid you
dialog: are?
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: From one to ten?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No one but you could be framed
dialog: for two crimes. You are such a
dialog: fool.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: I must be. I slept with both
dialog: of your identities. It's
dialog: chilly out here. You must have
dialog: left your heart open.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Die!
text: Ryan lays on top of Cass and everyone to protect them. Then
text: we hear gunfire. But ne bullets are coming Ryan's way. He
text: looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Fergus, Orono, Bagley ‘and a SWAT team appear.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~- FERGUS
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Drop the guns.
text: The terrorists' guns are silenced but they still hold onto
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: FERGUS .
dialog: Give them up.
text: They still hold them. Fergus, Orono and Bagley shoot at their
dialog: feet to show them they mean business. Now what occurs vis. the
text: terrorists and Lauren kick their feet to miss being hit by
text: the bullets. But what it turns out looking like is the
text: rousing, Celtic, feet flying finish of “Riverdance*. They
dialog: drop their guns.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SEAN
dialog: Pissed.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Not
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Fergus tosses a terrorist's gun to Ryan.
dialog: 86
scene_heading: EXT. RYAN'S VAN #4
text: Ryan gets out. Catches the gun, rolls, comes up firing at
text: Sean. A barrage of fire that lasts a long time, smoke, shells
text: flying. Finally Sean grabs his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I'm hit.
text: He drops his gun. Puts his hands up. Fergus came down to the
text: street and takes Sean into custody. Ryan opens the sliding
text: door, everyone tumbles out. Cass ends up in his arms.
text: MecKintyre at his feet. Cass hugs him. McKintyre, wobbly, gets
text: te his feet.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Ryan Harrison, on behalf of
dialog: all law enforcement, I say to
dialog: the world, you were wrongfully
dialog: accused.
text: A big thumbs up to Ryan. Who gives a huge thumbs up. ..Ryan
text: picks up Cass, swings her around, her feet catching McKintyre
text: in the face. He's out cold. But Ryan is getting a nice hero's
dialog: kiss.
scene_heading: INT. SYMPHONY HALL - DAYS LATER
text: We HEAR the sound of a VIOLIN PIECE that fills the night with
text: power and beauty. A poster reads: “The Return Of Ryan
dialog: Harrison: The Wrongfully Accused Tour’.
scene_heading: INT. ORCHESTRA HALL
text: We cut to the black tie crowd, Fergus, Bagley and Orono all
dialog: listen intently.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BOX
text: Cass is resplendent in a killer gown. She is so in love.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ STAGE
dialog: Ryan is magnificent. We read his music: “The I Love Cass, My
dialog: New Wife, Symphony”. Stirring performance, big time finish!
dialog: And:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ AUDIENCE
text: They stand and applaud, as they had the first night.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ STAGE
speaker_heading: aT
text: The Orchestra stands and applauds.
scene_heading: ANGLE ~ HANDICAPPED
text: Rise from wheelchairs. Toss away crutches. One man covered in
text: a sheet, and with a toe tag, sits up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FERGUS
dialog: To his guys. Referring to the handicapped:
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Now that's good.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - RYAN
text: Blows kisses to Cass. She returns every one.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ FERGUS
text: Is in tears.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STAGE
text: Several members of the orchestra sneak up behind Ryan. And
text: like a winning football coach, they dump a container of
text: Gatorade on him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ~ CASS
text: Joins Ryan’ on stage. To the cheers of the crowd and all they
dialog: embrace,
speaker_heading: CLOSING CREDITS
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
