scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - DAY
text: A two-lane road carves through an endless forest of towering
text: black spruce. A flock of pintails skims over the treetops,
text: heading south before the first snowfall.
text: A young BOY (12), undersized and feral, trudges home, bookbag
text: strapped to his back. Black-haired and pale-skinned, the boy
text: looks as if he hasn’t had a good meal in a long time.
text: Before we hear anything the boy turns, watching the bend in
text: the road behind him. After a moment we hear the thrum of a
text: hard-charging engine.
text: An Oldsmobile Super 88 rounds the bend, accelerating as it
text: hits the straightaway. The boy steps away from the road but
text: the car comes straight at him.
text: The boy closes his eyes. The Oldsmobile’s brakes clamp down
text: on the wheels and the car shivers to a halt with inches to
text: spare. Laughter spills from the car’s open windows.
text: Four HIGH SCHOOL LETTERMEN pile out of the car, wearing their
text: leather-sleeved football jackets. GILMAN, the largest of the
text: four, shakes his head and laughs.
speaker_heading: GILMAN
dialog: Kid didn’t even move. You see that?
dialog: Where's your survival instincts,
dialog: boy?
text: The boy says nothing. He readjusts his bookbag and resumes
text: his long walk northward.
speaker_heading: GILMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Hey!
text: Gilman grabs the boy’s shoulder and spins him around.
speaker_heading: GILMAN (cont’d)
dialog: The hell you going? You hear me
dialog: talking to you?
text: One of the other football players, MASON, walks over and
text: inspects the boy’s face.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: This is the kid whose old man
dialog: robbed the truck stop last year.
text: Gilman curls his meaty hand around the back of the boy’s neck
text: and pulls him closer, scrutinizing him. The four lettermen
text: tower over the small boy.
speaker_heading: FCONTTNIED ¥
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILMAN é
dialog: You the one with the convict daddy? ~,
text: The boy stares back at Gilman, unblinking.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: That’s him.
speaker_heading: GILMAN
dialog: What’s the matter, you about to
dialog: piss your pants? Answer me.
text: The boy says nothing, never looking away from the bully.
text: Gilman presses his fist, adorned with a heavy class ring,
text: against the boy’s cheek.
speaker_heading: GILMAN (cont’d)}
dialog: You a tough guy like your daddy?
text: Gilman shoves the boy, forcing him to stumble backwards. The
text: boy regains his balance, never taking his eyes off Gilman.
speaker_heading: ' GILMAN (cont'd)
dialog: You want to play tough guy with me?
dialog: Huh? a
text: Provoked by the boy’s lack of fear, by the insolence of his
text: stare, Gilman rears back and punches him in the face.
text: The boy falls to the ground. Blood spills from a gash in his
text: cheek where the class ring cut him.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: {a xingside announcer)
text: Right cross to the face... and he’s
dialog: down!
text: The football players laugh, looking down at the fallen boy.
text: The boy stands. There is still no sign of emotion on his
text: face. No fear, no anger, no evident pain.
speaker_heading: GILMAN
dialog: What’s the matter? You want some
dialog: more?
text: The boy doesn’t look away. The bully swings, cracking the boy
text: in the side of the head, knocking him down again.
speaker_heading: GILMAN (cont’d)
dialog: {to his friends) x
dialog: Let's get out of here. V
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Walking back to the car, Mason slaps Gilman on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You gave that little pissant
dialog: something to think about.
text: Gilman grins and looks back at the boy, expecting him to be
text: sprawled and crying on the ground.
text: Instead the boy stands again, brushes the dirt off his shirt,
text: and walks toward Gilman.
speaker_heading: GILMAN
dialog: You got to be kidding me. I’m gonna
dialog: knock the--
text: But Gilman’s words die in his throat as he sees something
text: impossible happening. The gash on the boy’s cheek knits
text: itself shut, leaving no sign of injury.
text: Gilman is so shocked he doesn’t see the boy’s fist whizzing
text: toward him, striking him in the nose. And then another punch.
dialog: And then another.
text: The boy is far smaller and weaker than Gilman, but he fights
text: with a ferocity that seems inhuman, punching and kicking and
text: headbutting, doing whatever it takes to fell his enemy.
text: Gilman, stunned by the intensity of the assault, goes down,
text: trying to protect his face from the blur of blows.
text: Mason tries to pull the boy off his friend and suffers a bite
text: to the hand. He howls with pain and backs off.
text: The other two football players, amazed to see their leader
text: getting pummeled by a boy half his size, watch in awe.
text: The boy growls as he batters the bully. He grabs Gilman's
text: collar and lifts the football player’s head off the ground,
text: prepared to deliver the coup de grace with his right fist.
text: Three bone claws spring from the boy’s hand, serrated and
text: razor sharp.
text: Everything stops. Mason, clutching his wounded hand, quits
text: hollering and stares. The other two football players blink
text: and slowly back away.
text: Even Gilman, moaning on the ground, hushes and tries to crawl
text: backwards, away from this beast on top of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNDED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: But the boy is more shocked than: any of them. He stares with
text: horror at the claws, this part of him he never knew existed.
text: He stands and stumbles away from Gilman. Mason runs over,
text: lifts his punch-drunk friend to his feet, and hustles him
text: toward the Oldsmobile.
text: The other football players pile in, slam the doors shut, and
text: speed off, leaving the boy alone by the side of the road.
text: The boy stares at his claws and for the first time we see
text: fear in his eyes. He screams, a scream that echoes over the
text: black spruce, into the darkening northern sky.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - MORNING
text: LOGAN wakes with a wordless shout, sitting upright,
text: shirtless, in a bed covered with shredded bedsheets.
text: KAYLA SILVERFOX (25) wraps her arms around him and whispers
text: in his ear.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: It's okay... shh... it’s okay.
text: Logan pants, chest heaving, eyes wild, gripping the tattered
text: sheets in his fists. Kayla holds him tight until his bone
text: claws retract.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: I’m right here with you. Okay? I’m
dialog: right here with you.
text: Kayla, a full-blooded Innu, wears her long black hair pulled
text: back in a ponytail. She’s been sleeping in one of Logan’s
text: flannel shirts.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: The war dreams or the one where
dialog: you’re a kid?
text: Logan takes a deep breath, finally calming down. He relaxes
text: into Kayla’s arms.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The one where I’m a kid.
text: Kayla runs her fingers through his thick hair, kissing his
text: forehead. He sees that she has a small cut on her forearm. He
text: takes her arm and looks at the wound.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNITED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: T cut you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
text: It’s nothing. Just a scratch.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: We need new sheets again, baby.
scene_heading: EXT. CARNIVAL - NIGHT
text: A traveling carnival has come to a seaside New England town.
text: The brightly-lit Ferris Wheel spins a few hundred yards
text: inland from the dark Atlantic.
text: LOCALS roam through the carnival, lining up to ride the Tilt-
text: A-Whirl. KIDS carrying plumes of cotton candy race from shoot-—
dialog: 'em-up games to free throw competitions.
text: A CARNY BARKER of the old school, wearing a patched siit and
text: a derby, beckons the curious to his attraction.
speaker_heading: CARNY BARKER
dialog: Come see the notorious Bird Man!
text: Half-man, half-eagle, is he an
dialog: angel from Heaven er a spawn of
dialog: Satan? Ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: tonight is your last chance to see
dialog: the creature you’ve al) been
dialog: hearing about!
text: We follow two BOYS who hand the barker their tickets, pull
text: aside the curtain and step into the sideshow...
scene_heading: INT. SIDESHOW - CONTINUOUS
text: «--joining a small crowd of CURIOUS ONLOOKERS. The tent is
text: dark save for a spotlight fixed on a tiny stage.
text: SHERRLENE, a peroxide-blonde in her fifties, whose tanned
text: hide is covered with interlaced tattoos, slaps a tribal beat
text: on a pair of bongos.
text: The crowd hushes. A tall man in a hooded robe shuffles toward
text: the stage like a boxer long past his prime. He stands in
text: front of the gawkers, head bowed, face shadowed by his hood.
dialog: {CONTTNURD ¥
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Finally BEAK throws off his robe and raises his wings to the
text: crowd. As advertised, he looks like an amalgam of man and
text: bird, with three-toed, clawed feet and dirty-feathered wings.
text: His very human, tired brown eyes are set in a face dominated
text: by a long sharp beak. He stares back at the gaping crowd.
text: Beak looks more pathetic than monstrous. His skinny limbs
text: don't seem very strong and he projects an air of weary
text: resignation, not menace.
text: But when he flaps his gray wings and caws at the onlookers,
text: the children shriek in terror and bury their faces in their
text: father’s legs.
scene_heading: INT. BEAK’S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: Sherrlene and Beak sit at a card table, playing gin and
text: drinking bourbon.
speaker_heading: SHERRLENE
dialog: I’m gonna knock with three.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: Are you kidding me?
text: He throws down his hand in disgust.
speaker_heading: SHERRLENE
dialog: You always hold out for gin. You
dialog: could have knocked a while ago.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: Yeah, well, I’m an eternal
dialog: optimist.
text: Sherrlene tallies the points.
speaker_heading: SHERRLENE
dialog: All right, I’m gonna hit it. You
dialog: want to come look for shells with
dialog: me on the beach tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: I don’t want to scare away any
dialog: tourists.
speaker_heading: SHERRLENE
dialog: Aw, sweetie, it’s winter. No
dialog: tourists. I’11 come get you in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURDY
dialog: a
dialog: eee”
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sherrlene collects her things, stands, and kisses Beak on the
text: side of his feathered head.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: Goodnight, Sherrlene.
speaker_heading: SHERRLENE
dialog: Night, Beak. Sweet dreams.
text: ‘Sherrlene closes the door behind her and Beak flips through
text: the deck of cards, preparing for another lonely night.
text: A knock on the door.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: You forget your purse?
dialog: (another knock)
dialog: All right, all right, I’m coming.
text: He stands and opens the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BEAK’S TRAILER - CONTINUOUS
text: A towering figure in a long black coat looms beside the
text: trailer’s door.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: Show’s over, pal.
text: VICTOR CREED is shrouded in shadows, but when he grins his
text: white fangs gleam. He drapes his arm around Beak and drags
text: the birdman inside the trailer.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Show’s never over for you, freak.
scene_heading: INT. BEAK’S TRAILER ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: You want money? There’s twenty
dialog: bucks on the dresser. That’s all T
dialog: have--
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: I just want to hear you talk a
dialog: minute before I cut your lungs out.
text: Creed shoves Beak back into his seat, picks up the bottle of
text: bourbon, examines the label, and guzzles it. Beak opens his
text: mouth but no words come out. Finally:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED S
speaker_heading: CONTINUED =
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: You’re the one that’s been killing :
dialog: mutants.
text: Creed wipes his lips with the back of his. clawed hand.
speaker_heading: BEAK (cont'd)
dialog: But you... you’re one of us.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Us? There’s no us. There’s you and
dialog: there’s me, and in a minute, just
dialog: me.
text: Creed smiles down at his feathered target. Beak tries to
text: shield his body with his wings.
speaker_heading: BEAK
dialog: Please... I never hurt anybody, my
dialog: whole life...
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Let me show you how it’s done.
scene_heading: EXT. BEAK’S TRAILER - CONTINUOUS
text: An awful, prolonged shriek escapes from the trailer.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - DAY
text: The. small log cabin sits in a clearing in a jack pine forest.
text: Winter has come to the north country; the ground and tree
text: branches are covered with several inches of snow.
text: Logan chops firewood behind the cabin, splitting the logs
text: with expert axe strikes, smoking a cheap cigar.
text: His nose wrinkles as he sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Smells like government.
text: Behind Logan, two approaching men in dark suits and black
text: overcoats glance at each other. Logan, halving another block
text: of wood, doesn’t turn around.
text: One of the newcomers, STRYKER, was a colonel in the Special
text: Forces. He still has the look. His hair is cropped short, his
text: bearing is military, and his blue eyes are fierce. y
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CHRISTOPH NORD, A.K.A. AGENT ZERO, looks more like a death
text: row convict than a military man. A family of tattooed spiders
text: walk down his neck.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I even showered today.
text: Logan turns, the axe gripped in his hand.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Been a long time, Logan. You
dialog: haven’t aged a day. Everyone else
dialog: gets old and gray, but not you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How’d you find me?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We never lost you, my friend. I
dialog: believe you know my colleague?
text: Logan and Agent Zero stare at each other. There is a history
text: between these two and clearly the memories are not fond.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont ‘d)
dialog: We’re with the Department of
dialog: Agriculture now.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Agriculture? You working with
dialog: farmers?
text: Agent Zero grins. There is nothing pleasant about his grin.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Pest Control Division. Working with
text: exterminators.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: {puffing on his cigar)
text: Still shooting first, asking
dialog: questions later?
text: In one blindingly fast motion, Agent Zero pulls a customized
text: automatic from his shoulder holster, fires, and reholsters.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Still smoking cheap cigars?
text: Logan spits the butt of the severed cigar from his mouth and
text: clenches his fists.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUREDY
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That was a buck twenty-five,
dialog: asshole.
dialog: 10.
text: Stryker holds up both hands, one palm to Logan, one to Zero.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Boys, please.
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: Could we take a minute of your
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You’re taking it.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We want you back.
text: Logan turns away from them. He tosses aside the axe,
text: a load of firewood and stacks. it beside the cabin.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont ’d)
dialog: You’re a born warrior. You can hide
dialog: up here as long as you want, that’s
dialog: never gonna change.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Not interested.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: It’s... creative work, I can assure
dialog: you of that. And it pays well.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Already got a job.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Lumberjack. Eighteen grand a year.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Eighteen five.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: You content chopping down trees?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Yeah, I am. It’s good work. And I
dialog: haven’t killed anybody in three
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Starting to miss it?
dialog: picks up
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUEDY
dialog: 
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Right about now I am.
text: Agent Zero grins, enjoying the game. Stryker, seeing that
text: this is going badly, tries to break the tension.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We're putting together a team. Best
dialog: men in the business. Men with...
dialog: special qualities. Men like you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Forget it.
text: Logan walks around to the front of the cabin. Stryker and
text: Agent Zero follow. Logan’s battered old pickup truck is
text: parked beside the newcomers’ Lincoln.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: It’s a team of hunters. We're going
dialog: after some very bad people.
text: Logan climbs into the driver’s seat.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont ‘’d)}
dialog: You read the papers, Logan? They're
dialog: killing mutants.
text: Logan closes the door, turns the key and revs the engine to
text: warm it. Stryker taps on the window. Logan grits his teeth
text: and rolls down the window, not looking at the colonel.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Listen to me. They have names. They
dialog: have addresses.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I can take care of myself.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: All right, forget about yourself.
dialog: Your country needs you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m Canadian.
text: He hits the gas, forcing Stryker to jump back lest the tires
text: run over his foot. Stryker and Agent Zero watch him go.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT UNIFIED SCHOOL — DAY
text: Logan parks in the lot of a sprawling brick grammar school.
text: He gets out of the truck and walks toward the main building.
text: The school day has ended. STUDENTS meet up with their MOMS or
text: DADS for the ride home.
text: As Logan rounds a corner, he stops in his tracks, looking
text: around. Something’s not quite right.
text: Logan ducks his head at the last possible second and a
text: snowball whizzes past, missing him by inches.
text: Six FOURTH GRADERS (four boys and two girls) charge at him,
text: hurling snowballs and screaming.
speaker_heading: FOURTH GRADERS
dialog: Get him!
text: Logan jumps back around the corner, out of sight. The fourth
text: graders chase after him, round the corner with their throwing
text: hands cocked, ready to launch some serious ice.
text: Logan is nowhere in sight.
text: The fourth graders turn in confused circles, searching for
text: their target, snowballs melting in their hands.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, fellas.
text: The boys and girls look up and see Logan sitting on a second-
text: floor window ledge. He has already formed six perfect
text: snowballs, with which he proceeds to pelt the fourth graders.
text: The kids run, screaming and laughing, nearly colliding with
text: Kayla, who rounds the corner and-stares up at Logan.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Nice.
text: Logan, caught with a snowball in his hand, looks sheepish.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They started it.
dialog: Nail
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK - LATER
text: Logan drives Kayla home over roads slick with black ice. She
text: sings softly along with the country song on the radio.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Stryker came by the house today.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Stryker? Colonel Stryker? The one
dialog: you told me about?
dialog: {off Logan’s ned)
dialog: What did he want?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wants me back.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Told him no.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: So why can’t they get someone else?
text: Logan thinks about it for a moment. When he speaks there is a
text: degree of self-loathing in his tone.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m the best there is at what I do.
dialog: And what I do best isn't very nice.
text: Kayla studies the side of his face for a moment.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: Maybe he’s right. Maybe it’s the
dialog: only thing I’m good for.
text: Kayla watches him. Logan shakes his head as if ridding
text: himself of an errant thought.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont ’d)
dialog: Son of a bitch had me thinking
dialog: about it for a minute.
text: He wraps his arm around her shoulders and pulls her closer.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURDY
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: I’m not going anywhere. First time
dialog: in my life, I don’t feel like a
dialog: freak.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey. You’re not a freak.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Most guys don’t have to worry about
text: gutting their girlfriend when they
dialog: have a bad dream.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You‘re not a freak. You've got a
dialog: gift.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: A gift?
text: Logan shakes his head, staring at the black ribbon of road.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: You can return a gift.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN — NIGHT
text: A well-built fire burns in the fireplace. Logan and Kayla sit
text: naked in front of it, wrapped in an old flannel quilt.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: The kids made cornhusk dolls today
dialog: in Arts and Crafts.
text: She reaches for her bag and pulls out a little doll.
speaker_heading: KAYLA . (cont ‘d)
dialog: I made one for you.
text: Kayla hands him the doll and he examines it by firelight.
dialog: Given the limitations of the art form, it’s a skillful
text: representation of Logan, unique hairstyle and all.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I look like Elvis.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You're Elvis with claws.
text: The moon, swollen and red-hued, rises above the dark hills,
text: framed in the cabin’s window.
speaker_heading: CCONTTNURN)
dialog: News
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Full moon tomorrow.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You know why the moon's so lonely?
text: Legan shakes his head. Kayla lies back, resting her head on
text: Logan’s leg as he plays with her hair.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: She used to have a lover.
dialog: Kuekuatsheu. They lived in the
dialog: Spirit World and every night they’d
dialog: wander the skies together. But one
dialog: of the other spirits was jealous.
dialog: Trickster wanted the Moon for
dialog: himself. So he told Kuekuatsheu the
dialog: Moon asked for flowers. He told him
dialog: to come to our world and pick her
text: some wild roses.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Never trust a guy named Trickster.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Yeah, well, you do some stupid
dialog: things when you’re in love.
dialog: Kuekuatsheu didn’t know that once
dialog: you leave the Spirit World, you can
dialog: never go back. Now he’s trapped
dialog: here. Every night the Moon searches
dialog: for him and every night he sees her
text: in the sky and howls her name...
text: but he can never touch her again.
text: For a moment they’re both quiet, contemplating the sad myth.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Koo-koo-choo got screwed.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Kuekuatsheu. The Wolverine.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN —- NIGHT
text: Viewed from a distance, the little cabin looks warm and
text: inviting, the firelight shining from the windows.
text: Something watches from the edge of the dark woods. Something
text: monstrous, its black talons carving gashes in the trunk of a
dialog: pine tree.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGGING CAMP - MORNING
text: Kayla drops Logan off at the logging camp. The site is
text: already loud with motorized activity. TRIMMERS remove the
text: limbs from fallen trees. TEAMSTERS in forklifts load logs
text: onto flatbed trucks.
text: Logan comes around to the driver's side window, holding his
text: orange Husqvarna chainsaw in one hand.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Be careful.
text: Logan bends forward to kiss her on the lips. He turns and
text: walks towards a crew of LUMBERJACKS circled around a
text: SUPERVISOR with a clipboard.
text: Logan turns when he hears a honk. Kayla leans out the window.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: I love you, by the way.
text: Logan notices that dozens of lumberjacks are watching this
text: scene. He clears his throat.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I love you, too.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (thick Maine accent)
dialog: We all love you, Casanova, but
dialog: could we get to work here? We need
dialog: to let some daylight in the swamp.
text: fhe lumberjacks laugh loudly. Damage done, Kayla waves a
text: cheerful goodbye and drives away from the camp.
text: Logan trudges into the circle of lumberjacks, who make kissie-
text: kissie sounds and slap his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR (cont’d)
dialog: All right, I need a team of
dialog: choppers for 3B, that’s gonna be
text: Phelan, Marcuse, Van Mier and
text: Logan. Two teams for 3C...
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS ROAD ~ MORNING
text: Kayla steers the pickup along the access road leading away
text: from the logging camp.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: An eighteen-wheel flatbed loaded with trimmed logs blocks the
text: road. Men in reflective vests stand on the flatbed, securing
text: the load with chains.
text: Kayla hits the brakes and checks her watch. She’s late. She
text: taps the horn.
text: A FOREMAN ambles over to her, in no particular rush.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Can’t move the truck till the
dialog: load's tied down,
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please? I’m already late.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Not gonna happen, ma’am...
text: The foreman thinks about it, sighs, and changes his tune.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN (cont'd)
dialog: (yelling to truck driver)
dialog: Hey Zeke! Pull this mother over.
dialog: Lady's got to get through.
text: Moments later the truck rolls forward, enabling Kayla to
text: scoot through in her pickup. She toots her horn and waves.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Thanks, fellas.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMBER STAND - MORNING
text: Logan and three other lumberjacks-- PHELAN, MARCUSE, and VAN
text: MIER-- tramp through the woods towards their designated area,
text: carrying their chainsaws and heimets.
text: Phelan, whiskey-bellied and flushed from the exertion, has
text: fallen behind.
speaker_heading: PHELAN
dialog: You all want to ease the pace a
dialog: little bit? Trees ain’t going
dialog: anywhere.
text: Logan, in the lead, stares at a crude smiley face carved into
text: a tall pine tree. His gaze travels from the carving to
text: something sitting on the forest floor.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNITED Y
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PHELAN (cont'd)
dialog: What you got there?
text: The other lumberjacks gather around Logan. A severed bear’s
text: head, haloed by buzzing flies, rots in the sun.
speaker_heading: PHELAN ({cont‘d)
dialog: Goddamn.
speaker_heading: VAN MIER
dialog: Hunter?
speaker_heading: MARCUSE
dialog: Why would a hunter leave the head?
speaker_heading: : LOGAN
dialog: Bullet didn’t kill this bear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Claws did.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - MORNING
text: Kayla sings along with the tape on the tape deck.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Lolly Lolly Lolly get your adverbs
dialog: here, Lolly Lolly Lolly got some
dialog: adverbs here, Come on down to
dialog: Lolly's get the adverbs here...
text: Rounding a corner on the narrow access road, Kayla nearly
text: collides with a man in a long black coat. She slams on the
text: brakes and the truck shudders to a halt.
text: The man’s back is turned to the truck, his head bowed. His
text: hair hangs below his shoulders, clotted with dirt, as if he’s
text: been sleeping in the woods for weeks.
text: Kayla leans out of the open truck window. Before she can
text: speak, the man in the long black coat turns.
text: It‘s not just his size that frightens us, though the man is
text: massive. It’s not just the four-inch-long black talons
text: curling from his fingertips, or the gleaming fangs he licks
text: as he smiles at her.
text: What terrifies us most are his eyes. They are a shark’s eyes,
text: black and loveless and utterly inhuman.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
dialog: a
dialog: 13,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Victor Creed walks toward the truck. He scrapes his talons
text: over the hood: screeeeee. Five parallel gashes now scar the
text: hood, carved straight through the steel.
scene_heading: EXT. TIMBER STAND - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan, hearing a noise the other men can’t, rises from his
text: crouch. He looks to the west, listening carefully.
speaker_heading: PHELAN
dialog: What’s the matter--
text: Logan holds up a hand: quiet. He hears a distant scream. A
text: voice he knows better than any other.
text: He runs, leaving his astonished co-workers behind.
text: No one can run through the woods faster than Logan and ‘Logan
text: has never needed to run faster. He vaults fallen trees, ducks
text: under branches, accelerates when he hits the access road.
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS ROAD - MINUTES LATER
text: Logan sees the pickup truck in the distance. Even a hundred
text: yards away he can tell that something is wrong.
text: It seems impossible that he could run any faster, but now he
text: dees, reaching the truck in seconds. He sees the claw marks
text: gouged through the steel hood.
text: He sees the driver’s side door tossed onto the asphalt twenty
text: yards. from the truck.
text: And finally he sees Kayla, curled in the fetal position on
text: the side of the access road. Blood puddles beneath her. Her
text: skin has already begun to lose its color.
text: He runs to her, kneels beside her body, hands checking for a
text: pulse, listening for breath, trying desperately to find any
text: sign of life in her lifeless form.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Come on, you’re okay. Say
dialog: something. Say something, darling.
dialog: Say something. Kayla, come on.
text: He cradles her in his arms.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: You're okay. You're okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
text: He rocks back and forth, her lifeless body clutched tightly .
text: in his arms, his eyes clenched shut.
text: The veins bulge in his neck, every muscle in his body tenses,
text: as if there were a beast inside him trying to break free of
text: his skin.
dialog: (
dialog: {
scene_heading: INT. CASADY’S BAR & GRILL - DAY
text: The local dive opens early. TOWN DRUNKS sit by themselves,
text: smoking cigarettes, sipping the day’s first hair-of-the-dog,
text: reading the paper or staring into their beer.
text: Victor Creed sits at the bar, carving a crude smiley: face
text: into the wood with the claw of his index finger. He looks up
text: and sees the BARTENDER staring at him. The bartender doesn’t
text: approve of the vandalism, but he’s not about. to say anything.
text: Creed taps the rim of his glass. The bartender comes over
text: with a bottle of George Dickel Tennessee whiskey. He fills
text: Creed’s glass halfway-- a standard pour.
text: Creed stares at the bartender. He taps the glass again. The
text: bartender, hand shaking, fills the glass to the brim. 5
text: Creed raises the whiskey to the light.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED ‘
dialog: Stuff don’t work on me. I drink and
dialog: drink and I never feel any
dialog: different.
text: He downs the full glass of whiskey with a swallow. He looks
text: around the bar, at the pool table in the back, the Wurlitzer
text: jukebox, the stacked bottles of liquor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: You got any insurance on this
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Insurance? I guess so. Why?
text: Creed wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: ‘Cause it’s about to get ugly.
text: Logan walks into the tavern, sniffing the air. He sees Creed
text: sitting on the barstool, back to the door. y
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUED }
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Logan approaches the bar, never taking his eyes off Creed.
text: Finally Creed turns to look at Logan. He stands, towering
text: above the smaller man.
text: Legan sees a splotch of dried blood on the back of Creed’s
text: hand. Creed knows Logan is looking at it. He lifts his hand
text: to his mouth and licks the blood off.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: Sweet girl. Tasted like strawberry
dialog: jam.
text: The bone claws burst from Logan’s hands, pale, white, and
text: serrated. He growls and swings at Creed’s head.
text: The big man is fast. He ducks under the claws, grinning and
text: circling like a boxer, happy that he’s finally got a decent
text: adversary.
text: The bartender and the local drunks have seen plenty of bar
text: fights, but not ones featuring clawed mutants. They run.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: You can scare off the civilians
dialog: with those, sonny boy. But I got
dialog: claws of my own.
text: He swings, raking his talons across Logan’s chest, drawing
text: first blood. Logan lunges at Creed and the battle begins-
dialog: “The pace of the combat is startling, the physical power
text: stupendous. A missed swipe by Creed ends with him clawing out
text: the guts of the jukebox. Logan jumps at his enemy and gets
text: swatted into the wall, smashing the plasterboard.
text: Creed grabs Logan by the collar and tosses him onto the pool
text: table. Creed brings his fist down, looking to pulverize
text: Logan’s skull, but the smaller man rolls clear. Creed’s fist
text: shatters the slate and the table collapses.
text: Clearing his head on the sawdusted floor, Logan sees the
text: eight ball rolling past. He picks it up and hurls it at
text: Creed’s head.
text: Creed catches the eight ball in his left hand and squeezes
text: his fist shut. He opens his hand and lets the’ powdered
text: remains spill onto the floor.
text: Logan springs to his feet and swings at Creed, again and
text: again, his claws whooshing through the air.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUED
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Creed, despite his bulk, is an elegant fighter. He circles oy
text: just out of reach, grinning as the claws slash past his face.
dialog: Nl
text: Creed grabs Logan’s right wrist as it flies by. He grabs the
text: left wrist. His wet fangs glisten as they plunge toward
text: Logan’s throat.
text: With no room to dodge, Logan drives his head forward,
text: smashing Creed’s face with a glorious headbutt.
text: As Creed staggers back, Logan kicks him in the chest,
text: knocking the big man over the bar, where he crashes into the
text: bottles of liquor and slides to the floor in a tumult of
text: glass shards and alcohol.
text: Logan sees a lit cigarette in an ashtray on one of the
text: tables. He picks the butt up and flicks it over the bar.
text: The cigarette ignites the spilt alcohol. Creed roars and
text: rises to his feet, a burning man.
text: He vaults over the bar and advances on Logan. The flames
text: consume his overcoat, licking at his skin. Creed slaps them
text: out with his palms, apparently oblivious to the pain.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: You put up a better fight than your
dialog: girl did. :
text: Creed snatches Logan and slings him headfirst through the
text: plate glass window.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT — CONTINUOUS
text: Logan hits the snow-covered pavement hard, splinters of glass
text: in his hair, his face bloodied from dozens of small cuts.
text: Creed steps out the bar. As Logan struggles to his feet Creed
text: kicks out his legs and drops him again.
text: Creed crouches beside Logan, grabs the back of his head, and
text: smashes his face into the concrete.
text: The beating gets savage, Creed hammering Logan again and
text: again. Logan’s healing factor cannot keep up with the
text: violence being done to his body.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Time you got declawed, kitty kat.
text: creed lifts his heavy black boot and brings it down hard on oy
text: the extended claws of Logan’s left hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Logan howls as the bone claws shatter. Creed repeats the
text: process on Logan’s right hand.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: You were a tough little guy. But
dialog: there's always someone tougher.
text: Creed plunges his clawed hand into Logan’s chest. Logan
text: gasps, eyes widening. His tolerance for pain is world-class
text: but this is another level of suffering.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: And it’s always me.
text: Creed stands, staring down at Logan’s unmoving body. Sirens
text: moan in the distance. Creed walks away.
text: Logan bleeds in the snow. We rise above him, higher and
text: higher, his battered body dwindling as we rise with the
dialog: smoke.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ROOM ~ DAY
text: Two MALE NURSES shove a gurney down the corridor. Logan is
text: flat on his back, bloody and unconscious.
text: A SURGEON hurries after them, pulling on latex gloves.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: We know what we’re looking at?
scene_heading: MALE NURSE #1.
dialog: Bax fight.
speaker_heading: MALE NURSE #2
text: Multiple knife wounds.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: The male nurses transfer Logan from the gurney to the
text: operating bed. One FEMALE NURSE prepares Logan’s arm for an
text: Iv while a second NURSE cuts open his blood-soaked shirt with
text: surgical scissors.
text: The frenetic activity in the room ceases. Everyone stares at
text: Logan’s unblemished chest.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: CCONTTNUEDY
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ae
text: Logan lunges forward, grabbing the surgeon's collar and >:
text: pulling the startled man's face next to his own. |
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where is he?
dialog: t
scene_heading: MALE NURSE #1 |
dialog: Hey, hey, easy--
text: The male nurses struggle to restrain Logan but he’s too
text: strong for them. The surgeon gasps for air.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: STRYKER (O.S.)
dialog: His name is Victor Creed.
text: Logan turns and sees Stryker standing at the entrance to the
dialog: operating room.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: I can help you find him.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY ‘
text: Logan storms out of the hospital, followed by Stryker.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: He escaped from an ultramax
dialog: penitentiary in Nevada last year.
dialog: Started murdering mutants. Shape-
dialog: changer in New Mexico, pair of
dialog: telekinetic twins in California--
text: Logan turns on Stryker, grabbing the colonel by the throat
text: and shoving him against a lamp post.
speaker_heading: LOGAN :
dialog: Three years I been here. Three
dialog: years everything’s good. Nobddy
dialog: knows me. And then one day you show
text: up and the next day she’s dead.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: I came to warn you--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You knew he was coming.
dialog: }
dialog: 
scene_heading: {CONTTNURD Y
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Stryker shakes his head as well as he can with Logan’s hand
text: on his throat. Stryker’s face is turning red.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: He got the List.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What list?
text: Stryker chokes, gasping for air. Logan eases up on his grip
text: but doesn’t release the man. Stryker takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: The List. Every known mutant in
dialog: North America. Government’s been
dialog: keeping it for years. Names,
dialog: addresses, everything.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How did he get it?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: Someone must have leaked it to him.
dialog: There are people in Washington who
dialog: want to see you all destroyed.
text: Logan releases Stryker. The ex-colonel straightens his jacket
text: collar and composes himself.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Creed’s a mutant, too.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Apparently he doesn't have much
dialog: tribal loyalty.
text: Logan turns and walks away. He looks like a homeless man, his
text: clothes torn and bloodied, his hair disheveled. He walks
text: fast. Stryker calls after him.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Do you have a plan, Captain?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m not in the Army anymore.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Do you have a plan?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Logan turns and stares at Stryker.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m gonna track him down and I’m
dialog: gonna end him. That's the plan.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You already tried that. He’s a
dialog: hundred miles away and you’re
text: walking out of the hospital.
text: Logan’s fists are clenched. He’s ready to hammer Stryker into
text: the ground, but the older man does not back down.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: You can’t beat him. Not the way you
dialog: are right now. You’ve probably gone
dialog: your whole life without losing a
dialog: fight, but I’m telling you now, you
dialog: can’t beat him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Unless I give you the tools.
text: Logan glares at Stryker, still itching for immediate revenge.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: You come with me, I promise you two
dialog: things. You will suffer more pain
dialog: than any other man could bear. And
dialog: you will have your revenge.
text: Logan stares into Stryker’s eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE - DAY
text: A black helicopter lands on a concrete helipad inside the
text: walls of the massive compound.
text: SENTRIES armed with assault rifles man the guard towers,
text: scanning the perimeter with binoculars.
text: Logan, Stryker and Agent Zero step out of the helicopter.
text: Logan glances around the foreboding place before following
text: Stryker inside the main building.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM -— DAY
text: Logan lies on his back on an examining table, naked save for
text: a strategically-placed towel.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFEDY
dialog: 27-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A red-bearded scientist, DR. CORNELIUS, draws blood from
text: Logan with a syringe.
text: An Army surgeon, CAROL HINES, marks Logan's skin with an
text: indelible pen. He looks like a Maori warrior, his body mapped
text: with strange lines, dots and x's. Stryker watches Hines work.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Could you unsheath your claws?
text: Logan raises his left hand. The bone claws pop out, the same
dialog: length they were before Creed shattered them.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont'd)
dialog: Remarkable. Full regeneration.
text: Logan examines the markings on his forearm.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The hell you planning on doing to
dialog: me?
text: Hines gives Stryker a worried look but he ignores her.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We’re going to make you
dialog: indestructible. But first we have
dialog: to destroy you.
text: Stryker heads for the door but stops midway and turns.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: I forgot to give you something.
text: He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out an old set of
text: dog tags and tosses them to Logan. Logan inspects the tags
text: with ambivalence.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Never wanted to put these on again.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Held on to them for years. Figured
dialog: you’d be back one day.
text: Logan slips the steel chain over his head.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont ’d)
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Now you’1]1 always know your name.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Stryker walks down a long concrete corridor lit by
text: fluorescent ceiling lights. Hines steps out of the prep room
text: and hurries after him.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Sir?
text: Stryker stops and waits for her to catch up.
speaker_heading: HINES (cont’d)
dialog: I know we’ve discussed this before--
text: He knows what she’s going to say. He shakes his head and
text: continues down the hallway, forcing Hines to chase after him.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Ad nauseum, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: HINES
text: Anesthetic won’t work on him. His
dialog: healing factor neutralizes drugs.
dialog: Including painkillers.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: He can handle the pain.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: We’ve never conducted any animal
dialog: testing--
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: No other animal would survive the
dialog: experiment.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan, wearing a hospital-style robe, stands by the closed
text: door. No other human could hear the conversation down the
text: hallway. Logan catches every word.
speaker_heading: HINES (0.8.)
dialog: He might not, either. There’s a
dialog: significant chance the procedure
dialog: will kill him.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNIED )
speaker_heading: MW
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STRYKER (0.S.)
text: Correct. Some experiments succeed,
dialog: some fail. That’s why we call them
dialog: “experiments.”
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: The man’s well-being is not my
dialog: concern. Proving that the science
dialog: works-- that’s what matters.
text: Hines does not relish confrontation and she’s afraid of
text: Stryker. But she gives it one more try.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Six... I took the Hippocratic Oath.
dialog: I swore I’d never intentionally
dialog: harm another human being.
text: Stryker turns on Hines, jabbing his finger at her.
speaker_heading: , STRYKER
dialog: You also swore. to protect your
dialog: nation. You remember that oath,
dialog: Lieutenant Hines?
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Yes six, but I don’t understand why-
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: I don’t need you to understand. I
dialog: need you to follow orders.
text: Stryker continues down the corridor, leaving Hines standing
text: alone in the fluorescent light.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hines enters the room to find Logan sitting on the examining
text: table, paging through a magazine. He smiles up at her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You ready for me, Doc?
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER ~ LATER
text: Hines and two MEDICAL TECHNICIANS accompany Logan to a water-
text: filled plexiglass tank the size of a lidless coffin.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: An array of stainless-steel machines crowds around the tank,
text: including a series of robotic arms that taper into foot-long
dialog: needles.
dialog: Ne
text: One wall of the theater is glass. Behind the glass is the
text: control room, where Stryker looks on, hands behind his back.
text: Dr. Cornelius and several SUPPORT STAFF enter data into
text: computers monitoring the experiment.
text: Logan removes his robe and hands it to Hines before stepping
text: into the tank of water.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: See you on ‘the other side.
text: One of the technicians fastens a breathing tube, connected to
text: an oxygen tank, to Logan’s mouth.
text: Logan lies down, submerging himself in the cold water. The
text: technician clamps Logan’s wrists and ankles into place with
text: stainless-steel shackles bolted to the plexiglass walls.
text: Logan's eyes are open as he watches the robotic arms swivel
text: into place, poised above him like a gang of metal vipers.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: GENERAL MUNSON stands in the back of the room, observing the
dialog: experiment with great interest.
text: Agent Zero leans against the back wall, bored, cracking his
dialog: knuckles.
text: Hines takes a seat beside Cornelius, who studies a readout on
text: his computer screen.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Adamantium temperature?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #1
text: Steady at eighty~two eleven.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Feed lines clear?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2
text: Lines one through twelve clear.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS 4
dialog: Prepare insertion. a
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan lies underwater, watching as the robotic arms descend
text: toward him. The needles begin to spin at high speed, like
text: massive power drills. They churn the water when they enter.
text: CLOSE on Logan’s eyes as the needles enter his body. The man
text: has suffered gunshots and knife wounds, car crashes and
text: bottles smashed across his face. He has never suffered this.
text: He cleses his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: commence feed.
text: The technicians enter commands, watching close-up images of
text: the procedure on their monitors.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan writhes in the tank. Twelve long needles have drilled
text: into his bones, including his skull.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #1 (0.S.)
dialog: Feed commenced at a rate of twenty
dialog: nine cc’s per second.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2 (O0.S.)
dialog: Density probe indicates preliminary
text: chelation of the compact tissue.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (0.S.)
dialog: Body temperature?
speaker_heading: HINES (0.S.)
dialog: One zero two point three.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (0.S.)
dialog: Heart rate?
speaker_heading: HINES (0.S.)
dialog: One sixty.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Stryker turns and addresses the general.
speaker_heading: CCONTTNITEDY
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You’re witnessing medical history
dialog: in the making. We’ve begun bonding
text: adamantium to Weapon X’s skeleton..
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: We tried to use that stuff for tank
dialog: armor. Too damn expensive.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: It took us three years to prepare
dialog: enough alloy for the skeleton.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: So if this works, I guess Weapon X
dialog: won't be walking through any metal
text: detectors.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: If this works, General, Weapon X
dialog: will walk wherever he wants.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan spasms in the tank like a man being electrocuted.
speaker_heading: HINES (0.8.)
dialog: Heart rate one ninety.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (0.S.)}
dialog: Density?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2 (0.S.)
dialog: Four four seven.
dialog: 32.
text: CLOSE on Logan's clenched eyelids and CLOSER still, entering
text: the mind of the tortured man.
text: Horrific images flicker past, selected traumas from a deeply
dialog: traumatic life.
text: Logan cradles the lifeless body of Kayla Silverfox.
text: The feral boy stares at his monstrous claws and howls.
text: Logan (looking identical in age to the man we've been
text: following) stands in a village in Vietnam as bamboo huts. burn
text: around him.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUCUS
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: How long before he’s mission
dialog: operative?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: Remains to be seen. We're in
text: uncharted territory here.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: Uncharted territory is a pretty
dialog: good description of your budget,
dialog: Colonel. This doesn’t work, you can
dialog: kiss the Eleven good-bye.
speaker_heading: : ‘STRYKER
dialog: We need the Eleven. Our victory in
dialog: the war to come depends on it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: Not everyone in the Pentagon thinks
dialog: there’s gonna be a war.
text: Stryker turns and fixes his gaze on the general.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Oh, it’s coming, General. The enemy
dialog: walks among us. We'd better be
dialog: prepared.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan thrashes in the tank, his convulsions increasingly
text: violent, his eyes rolling back in their sockets. The water in
text: the tank begins ‘to steam.
text: The reel of blood-stained images from Logan’s past continues.
text: A bull-necked man beats the feral boy with an axe handle.
speaker_heading: HINES (0-S.)
dialog: Body temperature one zero eight.
dialog: Heart rate two ten. Sir--
text: A dying Russian lies on his back on a dock in Odessa, staring
text: at the sky, his shirt punctured with three precise holes.
text: Logan stares down at him, bone claws extended.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNOEDY
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STRYKER (0.S.)}
dialog: He’s a warrior, Hines. He can
dialog: handle it.
text: Victor Creed plunges his clawed hand into Logan's gut.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (0.S.)
dialog: Density?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2 (0.S.)
dialog: Probe rejected, sir.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM — CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: Stryker allows himself a small smile.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: On the contrary. The probe is
dialog: diamond-tipped. It’s not hard
dialog: enough to penetrate adamantium.
speaker_heading: HINES.
dialog: Heart rate two twenty five. Sir,
dialog: we're well beyond maximum-—
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You’re trained to care for humans,
dialog: Doctor. Weapon X is not one of us.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan writhes in the tank, muscles coiling and uncoiling. The
text: montage of nightmares continues, snapshots from Hell.
text: The feral boy sits alone in the back of a school. bus. While
text: the other children talk and laugh, he cuts his thumb with a
text: pocket knife and watches the wound heal.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #1 (0.S.)
text: Chelation near completion.
speaker_heading: HINES (0.S.)
dialog: Heart rate two forty four... two
dialog: fifty... two fifty seven...
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURDY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2 (0.S.)
dialog: Adamantium reservoir ninety percent
dialog: depleted.
speaker_heading: HINES (0.S.)
dialog: Core temperature one hundred and
dialog: nineteen degrees.
text: A young Stryker, wearing jungle fatigues and a necklace of
text: human ears, holds a revolver to the temple of a sobbing Viet
text: Cong prisoner. Stryker smiles as he pulls the trigger.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Stryker leans close to the glass, watching his test subject’s
dialog: agony. His experiment will succeed or fail in the next few
text: moments. Sweat beads his forehead.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Easy now.
scene_heading: @INT...SURGICAL THEATER — CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Adamantium claws burst from Logan’s hand, shimmering
dialog: underwater.
text: Crazed with pain, he carves through the walls of the
text: plexiglass tank. Steaming water cascades onto the poured
text: concrete floor.
text: Bursting free of his restraints, Logan slashes through the
text: robotic arms. Sparks dance like a swarm of fireflies. The
text: dismembered machines twitch like wounded beasts.
text: Logan rises from the broken tank, drenched with water, naked
text: save for dozens of long stainless steel needles drilled into
text: his body and the wires and hoses trailing from the needles.
text: Hair matted to his head, eyes wild, face contorted, he looks
text: like a strange amalgam of machine and animal. He tears the
text: breathing tube from his mouth and stares through the window
text: into the control room, panting, claws extended.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Hines sits very still, hand over her mouth. Cornelius and the
text: technicians rise from their chairs and slowly back away from
text: the window.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUED
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The general stares at Logan, awed by the sight of the living
text: weapon. Even Agent Zero no longer looks bored.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Magnificent.
scene_heading: INT. SURGICAL THEATER ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Logan slashes through the locks of the steel-reinforced
text: theater door. He charges out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: For a moment there is silence in the control room.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: I take it this is still part of the
dialog: plan, Colonel?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: He’s got nowhere to run.
text: Closed circuit monitors show Logan running down a tunnel.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont'd)
text: The only exit is a 25 ton blast
dialog: door. It was built to withstand a
text: nuclear detonation.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan hurries down a long tunnel hewn through solid rock,
text: leaving a trail of watery footprints. He stops in front of
text: the battleship-steel door at the end of the tunnel.
text: Growling, he carves through the door as if it were cardboard.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The savaged blast door flickers on the monitors. Logan is
text: free. The general stares at Stryker. Stryker licks his lips.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: {to Agent Zero)
dialog: Alert the containment team. Bring
dialog: him back.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Bagged or breathing?
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Either way. Just bring him back.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE - NIGHT
text: A full moon shines down on the frozen landscape. Logan has
text: exited the Alkali Lake complex beyond the high walls of the
text: compound. The lake itself shimmers in the moonlight.
text: Logan stares at the lonely moon. A wolf howls in the
dialog: distance.
text: His breath rises above him in the cold air; his wet hair
text: freezes. Ignoring the gusting wind and bitter chill, he runs
text: through the snow toward the distant woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Logan runs. Pine trees tower above him. He enters a clearing
text: where the virgin snow glitters beneath the moon.
text: He stops moving and peers through the darkness. He smells
text: something coming closer.
text: A pack of GRAY WOLVES emerges from the woods, surrounding
text: Logan. Snow dusts their fur. They look hungry, their blue
text: eyes unblinking as they watch this pale interloper.
text: The LEADER OF THE PACK, a muscular brute far bigger than his
text: comrades, snarls at Logan. Logan stares back at the wolf.
text: The wolf jumps at Logan, fangs bared, aiming for the man’s
text: throat. Logan sidesteps and the wolf hurtles past, skidding
text: on the snow when he lands.
text: Logan and the wolf circle each other, looking for weakness.
text: The wolf gnashes its wet teeth and pounces again.
text: Man and beast battle in the moonlight, a shadowy combat of
text: ferocious velocity, of gleaming fangs and gray fur.
text: The wolf lunges for Logan’s throat again, but this time Logan
text: catches the wolf in one hand and slams it to the snow.
text: The wolf, desperate to escape, rakes Logan’s arm with his
text: claws. Logan ignores the bloody welts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: His face is close to the wolf’s face and they stare into each
text: other’s eyes, predator to predator.
dialog: Snikt!
text: Logan presses the claws of his left hand to the wolf's
text: throat. The wolf quits fighting, mewling submissively. He
text: goes slack in Logan’s grip, rolling over to signal surrender.
text: Logan stands over the newly-subservient alpha wolf. The other
text: wolves in the pack stare at the strange champion.
text: Intense light shines on Logan’s face. He turns and sees that
text: he’s surrounded by a dozen SOLDIERS wearing tactical armor.
text: Powerful flashlights are mounted to the barrels of their
text: guns, which are pointed at Logan.
text: The wolves flee, dodging through the pines, their paws
text: kicking up snow.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: _ Put your hands in the air!
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stryker and the others are able to watch Logan in action, as
text: night-vision security cameras mounted in the trees beam a
text: constant live feed back to monitors in the control room.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: These soldiers are the creme de la
text: creme. They’re equipped to handle
dialog: the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Logan tries to gauge his enemies, staring into the harsh
text: lights. He growls.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: Hands in the air, now!
text: Logan charges at the soldiers.
text: The soldiers fire their weapons. These are not rifles but
text: high-powered Tasers. Twelve darts sink into Logan’s skin,
text: each connected to a silvery wire.
text: Thousands of volts of electricity course through Logan’s
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: Nera!
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gritting his teeth and fighting through the pain, he slices
text: the twelve wires with his claws and advances on the stunned
dialog: soldiers.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The monitors show the fallen soldiers lying in the snow. For
text: a moment everyone in the room is quiet.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: The creme de la creme just got
dialog: creamed.
text: Stryker gives her a very nasty look before turning to General
text: Munson and speaking in calming tones.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: There’s a high-voltage fence on the
dialog: perimeter of the base--
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: Is it made out of adamantium?
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM - DAY
text: An old Chevrolet pickup truck rattles down a snow-covered
text: road that passes acres of frozen farm fields. A Good Sam Club
text: sticker is pasted on the rear bumper.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVROLET - CONTINUOUS
text: JAMES and HEATHER HUDSON, a middle-aged farmer and his middle-
text: aged wife, are bundled up in heavy parkas. James drives; his
text: wife talks.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON
text: Marge’1l probably make her walnut
dialog: pie again. I thought I'd do
dialog: meringues this year. Try something
dialog: different. Don’t you think?
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON
dialog: You like my meringues, don’t you?
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: ¥ep-
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURDY
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: .
scene_heading: HEATHER HUDSON )
dialog: (good-humored)
dialog: Yep. Yep. Forty years of
dialog: conversation, all I get is yeps.
text: Heather grabs her husband’s arm.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON (cont'd)
dialog: Jimmy !
text: James turns in time to see a naked man sprint across the snow
text: and slip inside a red sheep barn.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON (cont’d)
dialog: I think there’s a naked man in the
dialog: barn.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: -.-yep.
scene_heading: INT. SHEEP BARN - DAY
text: James Hudson cautiously slides his barn door open. He holds
text: an old shotgun in his hands, a gun he hasn’t fired in years.
text: He advances slowly into the barn, sunlight from the open door
text: falling on the scattered straw. A vintage motorcycle covered
text: in a tarp stands near the side wall.
text: Hudson looks inside each sheep pen. His thick-wooled SHEEP,
text: ready for breakfast, bleat hopefully.
text: In the third pen Hudson finds Logan, who has covered himself
text: with straw. A few curious sheep sniff at the fugitive’s face.
text: Hudson stares at Logan, who stares back somewhat, well,
text: sheepishly.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: Son... What in hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sorry... It's a little cold out
dialog: there.
scene_heading: JAMES. HUDSON
dialog: Uh huh. It’s the middle of January
dialog: and you got no clothes on.
speaker_heading: LOGAN / y
dialog: That’s probably it.
speaker_heading: f(CONTTNURENDY
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hudson sighs and lowers his shotgun.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: You’re not on the drugs, are you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: Just had a rough night?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Pretty xough, yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: All right, come on. I got some old
dialog: clothes'1l probably fit you.
dialog: al.
text: He turns and Logan begins covering strategic places with wads
dialog: of straw.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON (cont’d)
dialog: I’1l take you around back so my
dialog: wife don’t see you again.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sorry if I scared her.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: Scared her?
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: I’m not worried about you scaring
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Logan sits at the breakfast table with James and Heather. He
text: wears an old plaid shirt, dungarees, and a pair of scuffed
dialog: work boots.
text: A heaping breakfast lies before him: scrambled eggs, pork
text: sausages, pancakes with maple syrup, a steaming mug of
dialog: coffee.
text: Logan devours everything in front of him, looking up only to
text: nod in thanks as Heather scoops more food onto his plate.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: You mind if I ask where you came
dialog: running from?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON
dialog: Jimmy. Let the boy eat.
text: Logan piles eggs onto a slice of buttered toast.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: I’m just wondering. We're twenty
dialog: miles from town. It’s a miracle you
dialog: didn’t get hypothermia out there.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’ve got good circulation.
dialog: (gesturing toward barn)
dialog: Nice chopper you got out there, by
dialog: the way.
text: James’s face lights up. Logan has found the man’s passion.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: You know motorcycles?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What is it, ‘48 Panhead?
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: Best bike Harley-Davidson ever
dialog: made. First one with a seventy-four -
dialog: cubic inch engine, hydraulic valve
dialog: lifters, aluminum heads--
text: Heather stands to clear the plates.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON
dialog: Now you’ve got him started. You
dialog: need more of anything?
text: Logan, smiling, holds up his hands to surrender.
text: The smile fades when he sees the red laser dot appear on
text: Heather’s shirt.
speaker_heading: HEATHER HUDSON (cont’d)
dialog: What’s the matter, honey?
text: Logan dives across the table, trying to knock her out of the
text: way, but the bullet beats him there, punching through the
text: window frame and straight through Heather Hudson’s heart.
text: She collapses in Logan’s arms.
speaker_heading: JAMES HUDSON
dialog: What-~
speaker_heading: (CONTPTNITED ¥
dialog: N,
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: GET DOWN!
text: But it’s too late. A second bullet hits James in the back;
text: the farmer blinks and topples forward, dead before he hits
text: ‘the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM - CONTINUOUS
text: Agent Zero lies on his belly three hundred yards from the
text: farmhouse. He lowers his sniper rifle and speaks into his
text: headset.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
text: Weapon X is in the farmhouse. He
text: just murdered two civilians. Fire
dialog: at will.
text: An APACHE LONGBOW helicopter streaks overhead, fifty feet
text: above the ground.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan checks James Hudson's pulse but finds none. He looks up
text: when he hears the thrum of the military helicopter.
text: Two Good Samaritans lie dead at his feet, slaughtered for
text: sheltering him. Something bestial has entered Logan’s eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM ~ CONTINUOUS-
text: The Apache circles the farmhouse.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW -— CONTINUOUS
text: Both the PILOT and the GUNNER wear helmets with monocular
text: eyepieces that provide images from the external cameras.
scene_heading: GUNNER'S EYEPIECE POV
text: The farmhouse is centered in the crosshairs. Scrolling
text: numbers to the side of the image indicate the range in
text: meters. The gunner's finger tightens on the trigger.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan growls and runs for the door.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
text: The gunner squeezes the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM - CONTINUOUS
text: The Apache fires multiple Hellfire rockets, which blast out
text: of their launchers and rip into the farmhouse.
text: The old Hudscn homestead collapses as the explosions blow out
text: the roof and the support walls.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: Direct hit.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM ~— CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
text: Locate the target and fire again.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
text: The gunner glances at his pilot. Both men seem mystified by
dialog: the command.
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: Sir... the target’s destroyed.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO (0.S.)
dialog: Repeat: locate the target and fire
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM.— CONTINUOUS
text: The Apache circles the smoking ruin where the house once
text: stood. No sign of Logan is visible in the scorched debris.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GUNNER
dialog: They must’ve hated this guy big
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: What was he, terrorist or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: GUNNER .
text: I don’t know but he’s a puddle now.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM - CONTINUOUS
text: The Apache hovers near the sheep barn, rotor blades fanning
text: the rising smoke.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
text: As the gunner continues to scout the ground for any sign of a
text: corpse, the pilot notices something out of the corner of his
text: eye. He stares at the roof of the sheep barn.
text: A smoke-darkened figure stares back at him.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEP BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan, claws extended, skin blackened with soot, jumps from
text: the roof of the barn. He lands on the helicopter windshield.
scene_heading: INT. APACHE LONGBOW - CONTINUOUS
text: The pilot nearly jumps out of his seat.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Jesus!
text: Logan raises his right hand and plunges his claws through the
text: bulletproof glass.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM — CONTINUOUS
text: Agent Zero watches the Apache plummet to the ground. He
text: snorts with amusement and activates his headset.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Your boy just took down fifty
dialog: million dollars worth of hardware.
dialog: Guess I got to do this myself.
dialog: 46.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Stryker sits alone in his office, pinching the bridge of his
dialog: nose. It’s been a long day for the colonel.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (on headset)
text: Negative. Come back to base.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO (0.S.)
dialog: Have a little faith, boss.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You don’t have the weaponry...
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM ~- DAY
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: Don’t care what kind of bones he’s
dialog: got. Fifty caliber bullet through
dialog: his eyeball ought to do it.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (0.S.)
dialog: Nord, goddamnit--
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: I’‘m losing you, boss.
text: Agent Zero clicks off his headset and. raises the sniper
text: rifle, searching through the smoke with his scope.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO (cont‘'d)
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Come out and play...
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEP BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan emerges from the Apache’s wreckage and runs toward the
text: sheep barn door.
text: A bullet cracks him in the forehead and Logan falls backwards
text: into the snow, stunned. For a few seconds we can glimpse the
text: adamantium of his skull.
text: His healing factor takes over and his skin begins to knit
text: itself back together.
text: Logan combat crawls inside the sheep barn. y
dialog: 
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. SHEEP BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: He throws the tarp off the ’48 Harley. James Hudson restored
text: this bike with love and elbow grease. The chrome and leather
text: shine as brightly as any new model on the factory floor.
text: The key is in the ignition. This used to be a safe
dialog: neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEP BARN -— CONTINUOUS
text: Logan bursts out of the barn on the Harley. The tires spin on
text: the snow but Logan is an experienced rider. He steadies the
text: bike, steers it onto the blacktop and accelerates, heading in
text: the opposite direction from Agent Zero.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON FARM - CONTINUOUS
text: Agent Zero grabs his rifle and jogs over to a black SUV with
text: tinted windows and off-road tires.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY ROAD - DAY
text: Logan speeds down the road, Agent Zero in hot pursuit. Zero
text: gains ground, both hunter and quarry racing past 100 MPH.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY
text: Agent Zero grabs an Atchisson assault shotgun from a rack
text: behind his seat that holds an impressive array of weaponry.
text: He lowers the passenger window and gets a bead on Logan, who
text: swerves to keep himself (and his more fragile motorcycle) a
text: tricky target.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY ROAD - DAY
text: Agent Zero fires six shells in rapid succession. Hundreds of
text: steel pellets scream over the motorcycle, perforating the
text: face of a smiling farmer on a fertilizer billboard.
text: Logan turns and sees the SUV closing on him. Agent Zero rams
text: the bumper into the Harley and Logan very nearly loses
text: control, managing to right the bike at the last second.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNORD }
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Logan accelerates and opens up thirty yards of breathing
text: room. He turns and sees Agent Zero catching up again.
text: Logan clamps on the brakes, hard.
text: He holds out his left hand and extends his claws. The tips of
text: the blades scrape the asphalt and sparks fly.
text: The SUV cannot brake in time. As it hurtles past the
text: motorcycle, Logan’s claws hit the SUV’s front tire and shred
text: it instantly. A split-second later he shreds the rear tire.
text: The SUV totters, falls to its side, and barrel rolls across
text: the empty road. It ends up on its roof in a drainage ditch,
text: wheels still spinning in the air.
text: Logan turns his bike and pulls up next to the upended SUV. He
text: lowers the kickstand, stands, and walks to the driver's side.
text: Agent Zero, bloodied and dazed, has managed to push open the
text: door. He leans out and aims his shotgun at Logan, who slices
text: the weapon into four pieces with a sweep of his claws.
text: Logan grabs Agent Zero by the back of the neck and hauls him
text: out of the car.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Those were good people back there.
dialog: Innocent people.
text: Agent Zero surreptitiously pulls a commando knife from a
text: sheath on his ankle.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: You ever notice good people tend to
dialog: die when they spend time with you?
text: He swings the knife at the side of Logan’s neck. ‘Logan
text: catches Agent Zero’s wrist and slams it against the door
dialog: frame.
text: Agent Zero drops the knife with a pained smile. He didn’t
dialog: think that would work.
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO (cont’d)
dialog: Maybe you should stick with the bad
dialog: people. We’re more your speed.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I got a message for your boss.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNOURD Y
speaker_heading: SJ
dialog: 
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: AGENT ZERO
dialog: (smirking)
dialog: Yeah? Tell me.
text: The smirk fades from Zero’s face as he sees the adamantium
text: claws plunging toward his heart.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Logan stands at a pay phone beside the Texaco station,
text: watching a couple of SKATEBOARD PUNKS practice their ollies.
text: He punches in a number and waits for the connection.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Department of Agriculture.
speaker_heading: LOGAN .
dialog: Get me the Pest Control Division.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: I’m sorry, sir, there is no Pest
dialog: Control Division.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why don't you get ‘em anyway. And
dialog: tell ‘em Logan’s calling.
text: While he waits he watches one of the kids attempt a backside
text: tailslide on the curb. The kid loses his balance and wipes
text: out, skinning his palms on the asphalt.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (0.S.)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (controlled fury)
dialog: You shouldn’t have killed those
dialog: people. All they were doing was
text: helping a stranger.
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Stryker sits behind the desk of his office. His aide,
text: COLLINS, stands on the other side of the desk, listening in
dialog: on an extension.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You ran on me, goddamnit. We had a
dialog: deal. Now you get back to base--
dialog: 50.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION —- CONTINUOUS
text: We continue to INTERCUT between the gas station and Stryker’s
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They had nothing to do with this.
dialog: You let that mad dog gun ‘em down
dialog: like they were animals.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: I’m giving you an order, soldier!
dialog: Return to base~-
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Had enough orders for one lifetime.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m going after Victor Creed.
text: For several seconds there is silence on the line.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We’re bringing you in. One way or
dialog: another, we’re bringing you in.
text: Logan bows his head, considering his next words.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: People like you are always waiting
dialog: for the next war. You start one
dialog: with me, Colonel, you better sleep
text: with the lights on.
text: He hangs up the phone and walks to his bike. The skateboard
text: punks give him a wide berth.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO ZOO - DAY
text: Closing time at the big zoo and FAMILIES flock toward the
text: parking lot. SANITATION WORKERS clean the trash from the
text: walking paths.
scene_heading: EXT. LEMUR ISLAND - DAY
text: The lemur habitat is cultivated to mimic the environment of
text: Madagascar. Four RING-TAILED LEMURS swing from the branches
text: of the baobab trees, shrieking at each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They congregate in a small wooden hut with a peaked roof,
text: where they scamper up and down the back of FRANCIS, a
text: slender, balding man in a zoo keeper’s uniform.
text: Francis has a gentle smile as he feeds the lemurs leaf-eater
text: biscuits. He speaks to them as they shriek, clambering over
text: his lap, biscuits clutched in their tiny hands.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: She did what? Ninna, that wasn’t
dialog: very nice.
text: He gives one of the female lemurs an admonishing look. She
text: shrieks and dances away, biscuit held to her chest.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (cont’d)
dialog: You must have done something to
dialog: deserve it, Myrto. Oh, you bit her?
dialog: Why? Haven't we talked about this?
text: The lemurs all quiet down at the same time. Francis watches
text: them, Something is wrong. The lemurs flee, ducking into holes
text: in the baobab trees, hiding from whatever’s coming.
text: Francis frowns and turns. Victor Creed stands above him.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Everyone thinks you’re a lunatic,
dialog: talking to animals. But I know
dialog: you're not, Francis. You understand
dialog: them, don’t you? That’s your power.
text: Francis looks for help but there is no one in sight.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: What do they tell you?
text: Francis is quiet for a few seconds, staring at the killer.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Nothing very fancy. They tell me
dialog: when they're scared. When they’re
dialog: angry. When they’re hungry.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: You ever talk to a panther,
dialog: Francis?
text: Francis shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont‘d)
text: Every now and then a white panther
text: comes along. Albino. The mama
text: panther won’t even look at it. She
dialog: won’t lick it, she won’t feed it,
dialog: nothing. So pretty soon the white
dialog: panther dies. You know why?
dialog: (off Francis’s silence)
dialog: White panthers are mistakes. And
dialog: nature takes care of its mistakes.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: There are no mistakes. We’re all
dialog: part of the plan. We’re all God’s
dialog: children.
text: Creed grins, licking his sharp fangs.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: I don’t know who my Daddy was, but
dialog: it sure as Hell wasn’t God.
text: Francis bows his head.
text: Creed runs one long claw across Francis’s cheek.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I'm not afraid of dying.
speaker_heading: . VICTOR CREED
dialog: How do you know? You’ve never done
dialog: it before.
dialog: 52.
dialog: cur TO:
text: Ninna the ring-tailed lemur mewls softly, trying to hide
text: herself deep within the baobab tree as her human friend
speaker_heading: SCREAMS .
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS STRIP - NIGHT
text: Logan, riding James Hudson’s vintage motorcycle, rolls down
text: the famous strip, lit by the mammoth neon signs above him.
text: He stops at a red light and stares at the lonely moon rising
text: over the desert.
scene_heading: LADY OF THE NIGHT (0.S.)
dialog: You look like a man who could use a
dialog: night off.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: 
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Logan turns to look at a REDHEAD in a tight silver dress,
text: waiting at the light in her Cadillac convertible. She looks
text: like she’s expensive, and she looks like she’d be worth it.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You’re way out of my league,
dialog: darlin’.
scene_heading: LADY OF THE NIGHT
dialog: You never know. You looking for a
dialog: good time with a bad woman?
text: Logan smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Not tonight.
text: The redhead purses her lips.
scene_heading: LADY OF THE NIGHT
dialog: You don't know what you’re missing.
text: Logan revs his engine as the light changes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I know exactly what I’m missing.
text: The courtesan waits at the green light, watching Logan speed
text: off into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. BOXING GYM — NIGHT
text: In a seedy part of town, far from the casinos’ bright lights,
text: Logan walks through the front door of a rundown boxing gym.
scene_heading: INT. BOXING GYM - NIGHT
text: Even at this hour the gym is packed with aspiring PUGILISTS.
dialog: Las Vegas has become the Mecca of world boxing, and many of
dialog: the fighters here exhibit impressive skills as they batter
text: the heavy bag, tap at the speed bag, and jump rope.
text: Logan walks toward a ring in the center of the gym. Two young _
text: BOXERS inside the ropes, wearing headgear and sparring
text: gloves, dance around throwing quick jabs that don’t land.
text: JOHN WRAITH (45) stands outside the ring, watching this
text: action with evident distaste. He wears a black cowboy hat,
text: sunglasses, and a handlebar mustache. He has the swagger and
text: drawl of a redeo cowboy.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNITEDY
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: This is a contact sport, ladies. If
dialog: you don't like hitting people, try
dialog: golf.
text: Logan comes up behind Wraith, unseen by the Texan.
speaker_heading: : LOGAN
dialog: You talk tough for a guy who always
dialog: let me do the dirty work.
text: A slow smile creases Wraith’s face. He turns.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Look at this. You never get old, do
dialog: you?
dialog: 54.
text: The two men embrace. There is genuine affection here, the
text: camaraderie of men who have fought together, bled together.
speaker_heading: WRAITH (cont’d)
dialog: Nobody followed you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You tryin’ to insult me?
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Can't be too careful, brother. I’ve
dialog: been retired five years I still
dialog: check under the car every time I
dialog: drive.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m looking for Victor Creed.
text: Wraith’s face goes serious at the mention of the name. He
text: looks around the gym, making sure no one’s watching them.
text: He glances at the boxers in the ring, who lean on the ropes
text: and breathe heavily, awaiting instructions.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Why don’t you two get a manicure or
dialog: something and meet me back here in
dialog: the morning.
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: Want a beer?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Always.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Wraith leads Logan toward an office in the back, draping an
text: arm around his shoulders.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: I Jove you like a brother. So I’m
dialog: giving you thirty minutes. After
dialog: that, you’re too dangerous to know.
scene_heading: INT. WRAITH’S OFFICE — NIGHT
text: The windows in the office look out on the training boxers.
text: Wraith leads Logan inside and grabs two longneck bottles of
text: beer from a mini-fridge-
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: What I hear, our friend the
dialog: Colonel’s got eyes all over the
dialog: country looking for you. He ain’t
text: about to let Weapon X go rogue on
dialog: him.
text: Wraith pops the caps off the beer bottles and hands one to
dialog: Logan.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What’s Weapon X?
text: They tap glass.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: You are. A walking, talking,
dialog: hundred-million dollar experiment.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You know about it.
text: Wraith sits behind his desk and puts his boots up. Logan sits
text: across from him.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
text: I keep my ear to the ground. People
dialog: like us, we never really quit the
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I did. Woke up one day and knew I
dialog: was done.
text: Logan peels the label from his bottle of beer.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: Stryker used to give me a new name
dialog: every Monday. And by the end of the
dialog: week, I’d draw a line through it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I put a whole lot of people under
dialog: the ground. And one day 1
dialog: realized... Stryker was never gonna
dialog: run out of names.
text: Wraith nods, meditative.
speaker_heading: WRAITH»
dialog: Our friend the Colonel has big
dialog: plans.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What kind of plans?
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Hear a lot of chatter about
dialog: something called the Eleven. My
dialog: boys in Arlington say it’s the
dialog: biggest covert weapons project
dialog: since FDR buiit himself an atom
dialog: bomb. Other than that, no one knows
dialog: a goddamn thing.
dialog: 56.
text: Wraith places his bottle on his desk and sits up straight in
text: his chair.
speaker_heading: WRAITH (cont'd)
dialog: Look, I... I heard about what
dialog: happened to your woman. For what
dialog: it’s worth, I’m sorry.
text: Logan nods. He doesn’t want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: WRAITH (cont’d)
dialog: I did a little contract work with
dialog: Creed back in the day. I’ve known
dialog: some seriously foul people, but
dialog: that cat... They say he took out a
dialog: whole village in Nicaragua one
dialog: time, every man, woman, and child,
dialog: killed ‘em all, just ‘cause he was
dialog: bored.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I been screwed, sued, and tattooed,
dialog: but I never killed no kids.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 57.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Creed did government work?
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Till they got wise to him. Wherever
dialog: he went there was a trail of
dialog: bodies. And not always the right
dialog: bodies, you know what I’m saying?
text: There is murder in Logan's eyes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Help me find him.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: He’s a hard cat to track.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just tell me where to start
dialog: looking. I‘11 do the rest.
text: Wraith taps the bottleneck, considering.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: Might want to talk to his friends
dialog: from the ultramax.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The prison he busted out of?
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Feds built it to hold the baddest
dialog: of the bad mutants. Worked pretty
dialog: well, Only problem-- now they all
dialog: know each other.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You ever hear of a guy named Fred
dialog: J. Dukes?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: People call him the Blob. You find
dialog: him, you'1l know why. Got out of
dialog: the hoosegow a few months ago. Went
dialog: home to Iowa. Town called Elgin.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You think he’s still in touch with
dialog: Creed?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Wraith leans back in his chair and allows himself another
text: slow smile.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: I bet you’ll find out.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGAT
text: Logan, on his Harley, speeds past a welcome sign for Elgin,
dialog: Iowa, Population 676.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE MOTEL - NIGHT
text: The neon Vacancy sign shines, a beacon for tired travellers
dialog: in the heartland. :
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Logan lies on top of the bed covers, hands behind his head.
text: The lights are out and Fox News plays on the television,
text: casting the small room in blue light.
scene_heading: INSERT TELEVISION
text: A REPORTER stands in a Detroit alleyway as POLICE OFFICERS in
text: the background cordon off the area from ONLOOKERS.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: This is the 13th confirmed mutant
dialog: slaying of the last two months, and
dialog: with the investigation apparently
dialog: stalled, members of the mutant
dialog: community are voicing their
dialog: outrage.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN wearing a “Mutants are Humans, Too” t-shirt
text: speaks passionately for the camera.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Of course there’s bias at work
dialog: here. If these were normal people
dialog: getting chopped up, you better
dialog: believe there’d be an FBI Task
dialog: Force investigating, there’d be all
dialog: sorts of resources allocated to
dialog: find this killer. Why is it that
dialog: when violence is done to our
dialog: community, the nation turns its
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED Y
speaker_heading: ‘OU
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (cont'd)
dialog: If the government can’t protect us,
dialog: we're gonna have to start
dialog: protecting ourselves.
text: In the corner of the TV screen, carved directly into the
text: brick wall of the alley, is a crude smiley face.
speaker_heading: END INSERT
text: Logan’s expression does not change as he watches the report.
text: Our only indications that he‘s boiling inside are the look of
text: dark vengeance in his eyes, and the fingers of his right
text: hand, which clench into a fist, unclench, clench again.
text: He lowers the volume with the remote, picks up the telephone
text: and dials a number. We hear four rings.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (0.S.)
dialog: {on answering machine)
dialog: Hey, you’ve reached Kayla and
dialog: Logan. We’re not home right now so
dialog: please leave a message after the
dialog: - beep and we’1ll get back to you as
dialog: soon as we can. Bye}
text: Beep. Logan replaces the receiver in its cradle and lies
text: back, alone in the world.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERMARKET PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A MOTHER pushes her shopping cart towards her minivan.. Her
text: young, freckled SON holds her hand, gazing fearfully at
text: Logan, who stands on the edge of the lot smoking a cigar. He
text: looks out of place in this quiet, Midwestern town.
text: Logan winks at the kid. He drops his cigar, grinds it out
text: with the toe of his boot, and heads for the supermarket.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET — DAY
text: Two STOCK BOYS, wearing bright blue vests over red shirts,
text: stand at one of the aisle dividers, hiding behind a stack of
text: breakfast pastries. They are plainly terrified.
speaker_heading: STOCK BOY #1
dialog: Say something.
speaker_heading: STOCK BOY #2
dialog: You say something. It's your
dialog: section!
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED Y
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STOCK BOY #1
dialog: Dude...
text: The stock boy peeks around the divider. FRED J. DUKES,
text: a.k.a., THE BLOB, stands in the center of the aisle, tearing
text: open bags of pork rinds and pouring them down his gullet.
dialog: Dukes is the biggest man you’ve ever seen. By a long shot.
text: Just shy of seven feet tall and weighing in at half a ton,
text: he’s beyond fat. Beyond obese.
text: His eyes lock like pinpricks in the swollen enormity of his
text: face. When he shifts his bulk, ripples cascade down his
text: flanks, his flesh trembling with each breath.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus, Dukes...
text: Dukes, mouth and chin dusted with fried pork skin, turns his
text: head to examine the pest standing next to him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe it’s time to give the pork
text: rinds a rest.
text: Dukes swings his arm. Despite his enormous mass, the man
text: moves with surprising speed. Not quick enough to catch Logan,
text: though, who ducks beneath the blow.
text: Dukes’s forearm, thicker than a fire hydrant, smashes through
text: the steel shelving. Bags of pork rinds and potato chips
text: tumble to the floor.
text: Snikt! Logan shows his glittering claws to the big man.
speaker_heading: : LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: I’1l fillet you standing, fat man.
dialog: That what you want?
text: Dukes hesitates. That is not what he wants.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: Where's Victor Creed?
text: Dukes grunts and bulls forward, toppling the heavily-~laden
text: shelves into the next aisle. Panicked SHOPPERS scream and run
dialog: for the exits.
text: Dukes blasts through the cereal aisle, too, with a great
text: rending of steel, his giant shoes crushing boxes of Lucky
text: Charms as he stomps into the produce section.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: A coconut bounces off Dukes’s head. Enraged, the giant turns
text: and sees Logan standing by a pile of hairy coconuts, tossing
text: ene in his hand like a baseball.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: You're gonna help me, bub. You just
dialog: don’t know it yet.
text: Dukes bellows and runs at Logan. A coconut pelts him in the
text: face, angering him further. Logan jumps out of the way as
text: Dukes brings down his massive fists. Coconuts explode.
text: Dukes charges after Logan, shattering watermelons, stacked
dialog: grapefruits, clusters of bananas-
text: Aiter a thirty second rampage Dukes is exhausted, his giant
text: chest heaving as he gasps for air, his hands and face
text: splattered with remnants of crushed fruit.
text: Logan jumps onto Dukes’ back. The fat man roars and spins
text: around, trying to buck the little rider, but Logan’s got one
text: arm wrapped around Dukes’ throat and he’s not letting go.
text: The spinning makes Dukes a little dizzy and he slows down.
text: Three adamantium claws shine in the big fellow’s face,
text: reflecting the overhéad fluorescent lights.
text: Dukes quits, his massive shoulders slumping. He sinks to his
text: knees, his great bulk splitting the linoleum floor.
text: Logan presses his claws against Dukes’ quivering jowls.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: Where's Creed?
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: How the hell would I know?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Come on, he’s your friend. When was
dialog: the last time you talked to him?
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: Friend? He don’t have any friends.
dialog: All he’s got is victims.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Careful, Dukes. I can smell a lie
dialog: before you even tell it.
text: The Blob begins to cry, the great bellows of his cheeks
text: trembling, tears and snot dribbling down his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: I’m not lying! I don’t know where
dialog: he is.
text: Logan pulls a handkerchief out of his back pocket and hands
dialog: it to Dukes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All right, take it easy.
text: Dukes blows his nose into the handkerchief, one of history’s
text: loudest and most violent nasal ejaculations.
text: He offers back the soiled handkerchief. Logan waves it off.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: It’s a gift.
text: Dukes takes a deep breath, gathering himself.
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: You ever been to Superior?
speaker_heading: LOGAN .
dialog: The club for mutants? Down in New
dialog: Orleans?
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: Creed likes to party down there.
dialog: Talked about it all the time-- how
dialog: hot the girlies were. That’s all I
dialog: know.
text: Logan shaves Dukes’ jaw with the edge of his claw.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Nah. You know more than that.
text: Dukes tilts his face, trying to keep his face from getting
text: scraped off.
scene_heading: FRED J. DUKES
dialog: Joint’s owned by a guy named
text: Barbarus. Shared a cell with Creed
dialog: in the ultramax. Anyone knows where
text: to find him, it’s Barbarus.
text: Logan stares into the Blob’s face, gauging the man’s words.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: He better be there, Freddie. And he
dialog: better know something good.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: ‘Cause I’m in a mood for violence
dialog: and you’re way too big to hide.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM -— DAY
text: Stryker stands by a window overlooking Alkali Lake while
text: General Munson sits at the head of the conference table.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We have information that he was in
dialog: Las Vegas two nights ago. We’ll
dialog: find him soon.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: This is turning into a goddamn
dialog: disaster, Colonel.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: I disagree. I'd say the experiment
dialog: has been a success.
speaker_heading: _ GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: Success? Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: . STRYKER
dialog: Weapon X is a prototype. Nothing
dialog: more. He's the walking proof that
text: enhanced skeletons are viable.
dialog: That, along with the healing factor
dialog: we've replicated from his blood,
dialog: will insure that the Eleven is
dialog: capable of protecting our species
dialog: from extinction.
dialog: {beat)
text: At this point, Logan is merely an
dialog: inconvenience. He won't be for
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: I’m sorry, William. I’ve lost
dialog: confidence in your leadership. I’m
dialog: going to recommend your dismissal
dialog: to the Joint Chiefs.
text: Stryker stares out the window at the distant lake, with no
text: visible reaction to the General’s words.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Disappointing, General. Expected,
dialog: but still... disappointing.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUEDY
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: General Munson takes a sip of water from the glass in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MUNSON
dialog: I know you believe in what you’re
dialog: doing. But I don’t. War with the
dialog: mutants is not inevitable.
text: The general coughs. He begins to look confused as he coughs
text: again, his breathing gone suddenly ragged. He clutches at his
dialog: chest. .
text: A thin smile curls Stryker’s lips. He turns to regard the
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: You’re having a massive heart
dialog: attack, sir. Leading cause of death
dialog: for men in your age bracket.
text: The general gasps for air, trying to rise to his feet. In his
text: death throes, he knocks the glass of water from the table. It
text: shatters on the floor.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont'd)
dialog: The war is coming. It’s time to
dialog: choose sides.
text: The general collapses: and Stryker stands above him, staring
text: down at the dying man with pitiless eyes.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: You chose treason.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB SUPERIOR — NIGHT
text: A heavy rain falls in the French Quarter. There is no sign
text: outside the club, only a gargantuan BOUNCER standing in front
text: of an unmarked door in a dark alley.
text: The bouncer apprises the stocky mutant walking his way.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: You superior?
text: Only when we go CLOSE ON THE BOUNCER do we realize he has a
text: single eye, large and bloodshot, centered in his forehead.
text: ‘Logan raises both hands. Snikt! A single claw extends from
text: his right hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED ¥
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He shoves the claw straight through his left palm, retracts
text: the blade, and shows his wounded palm to the bouncer. The
text: bouncer sees the wound heal and opens the door.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER (cont’d}
dialog: Welcome home, brother.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB SUPERIOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: The dimly-lit club is the size of a warehouse and jammed with
text: PARTYING MUTANTS. Most of them look like normal humans but a
text: few are “overts,” distinguished by curling horns, scaled skin
dialog: and other genetic abnormalities.
text: A sexy WAITRESS walks by with a tray of drinks. She winks at
text: Logan. A “Kiss Me, I’m a Mutant” button is pinned to her
dialog: shirt.
text: Industrial beats pour out of speakers bolted to the ceilings.
text: Logan surveys the room. A young PUSHER approaches, his long
text: sideburns shaved into scimitars running down his jawline.
speaker_heading: PUSHER
dialog: You lookin' for help, man? Ups,
dialog: downs, in-betweens. What you need?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wild roses for the moon.
speaker_heading: PUSHER
dialog: Wild roses... That some new hash
dialog: out of Amsterdam?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Something like that. You seen my
dialog: buddy Barbarus?
text: The dealer points toward a staircase at the back of the club.
speaker_heading: PUSHER
dialog: VIP room. But hold up, bro, I got
dialog: what you’re looking for.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Trust me, bub-- you don't.
text: Logan heads for the staircase.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB SUPERIOR, SECOND FLOOR — NIGHT
text: Logan tries to enter the VIP room but a muscle-bound SKINHEAD
text: with Mutant Power brands on his biceps blocks his path.
speaker_heading: SKINHEAD
dialog: Private party.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I’m on the list. Logan.
text: The skinhead raises his clipboard and examines the list.
speaker_heading: SKINHEAD
dialog: Last name?
text: Logan’s fist splits the clipboard and crushes the skinhead’s
text: nose. The muscle-bound brute slumps to the floor,
text: unconscious. Logan steps over him and into the VIP room.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Unknown.
scene_heading: INT. VIP ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The VIP MUTANTS sit at plush booths, downing shots of
text: tequila. They grope their GIRLFRIENDS. They arm wrestle and
text: compare tattoos and gobble down fried oysters.
text: BARBARUS sits in a corner booth. He wears a custom-made wife-
text: beater. The brutally-muscled mutant has four arms, all
text: sleeved in tattoos.
text: One hand pours himself a new glass of Jack Daniel’s. A second
text: hand gouges his name into the table top with a black steel
text: commando knife. The third drums the beat of the current song
text: on the vinyl booth’s backrest.
text: The fourth hand pets PANTERA, the nubile mutant sitting on
text: his lap, a beautiful young woman entirely covered in
text: glistening black fur. Her yellow eyes glitter.
text: Logan approaches the table. Barbarus stares up at him. a
text: Pantera purrs, yellow eyes on Logan.
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: (nuzzling his girl)
dialog: Oh, I heard about this 1li’l fella.
text: Mr. Creed beat him to hell.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUEDY
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I came back. Where is he?
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: Somewhere in America. Doing what he
dialog: does best.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: Putting people’s insides on the
text: outside.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: He’s killing mutants, bub.
text: Barbarus smiles, twenty fingers drumming on the table top.
speaker_heading: BARBARUS,
dialog: Some mutants need killing.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You got that right.
dialog: Snikt!
text: Barbarus shoves his girlfriend out of the way and stands,
text: unsheathing three more black commando knives from his belt.
text: The other MUTANTS quiet down, watching the fireworks.
text: Barbarus swings, the four knives whistling through the air.
text: Logan ducks under them and continues to bob and weave as
text: Barbarus advances behind a whirlwhind of black steel.
text: Logan slashes and one severed hand falls to the ground.
text: Barbarus howls, stabbing at Logan with his three good arms.
text: Logan's claws flash through the air again, and another neatly
text: severed hand lands on the table.
text: Logan retracts his claws and curls one finger: come at me.
text: Barbarus, shamed .and furious, gathers. himself and charges.
text: Logan times his punch perfectly, pivoting on the ball of his
text: foot and hitting Barbarus with an uppercut that sounds like a
text: well-hit baseball.
text: Barbarus crashes to the floor. Pantera hisses and pounces at
text: Logan, her black claws aimed at his face. Logan backhands
text: her. She hits the floor and slides across the hardwood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED Y
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Logan kneels beside Barbarus. ° }
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: You want to keep your other hands?
dialog: Where is he?
text: Blood dribbles from Barbarus’s lip. He spits out a tooth.
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: He don’t sent me postcards.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No? Way I hear it, you two were
dialog: practically boyfriends before he
text: busted out.
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: Busted out?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You been misinformed. Victor Creed
dialog: got himself a government pardon.
dialog: Some fellas from the Department of
text: Agriculture came and picked him up.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You’re lying to me.
text: Barbarus grins, his teeth red from the blood in his mouth.
speaker_heading: BARBARUS
dialog: No, sir. But somebody is.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT
text: A five-story concrete parking structure on the edge of Las
text: Vegas. John Wraith walks to his black ’68 Mustang, whistling
text: a Jerry Jeff Walker song.
text: When he gets to the car he drops to the floor and checks the
dialog: underbody for bombs. Nothing down there.
text: He stands, reaching into his pocket for his keys.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (0.S.)
dialog: You think I’d use a bomb on you,
dialog: Johnny Boy? “
dialog: Me
text: Wraith spins around. Victor Creed sits on a concrete parapet,
text: the desert wind blowing his filthy blonde hair.
text: He hops off the parapet and walks toward Wraith.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNURD Y
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: It's all about human contact for
dialog: me.
text: Wraith quickly unlocks the car door and get in. He slips the
text: key into the ignition. The engine turns on the first try.
text: Wraith hits the gas and the Mustang squeals out in reverse.
text: He slams on the brakes, shifts into drive, and guns the car
text: right at Creed.
text: An instant before impact, Creed sidesteps the car and punches
text: through the driver’s window.
text: It’s a miracle of a punch, timed perfectly, a crushing shot
text: to Wraith’s jaw. Wraith loses control of the car and it
text: sideswipes a parked Hummer, spinning to a stop against a
text: concrete wall.
text: Wraith blinks and tries to clear his head. Creed reaches
text: inside the broken window and hauls the Texan out. He lifts
text: the bleeding man into the air and flashes his white fangs.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: Hear you been talking out of
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: WRAITH
dialog: He’ll find you.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: That’s the plan. It’s a lot easier
dialog: than finding him.
text: Creed slams Wraith against the concrete wall and plunges his
text: claws deep into Wraith’s gut.
text: The Texan's mouth opens as the full force of the pain hits
text: him. Creed whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont'd)
dialog: I can feel your spine, Johnny Boy.
text: A sickening crunch as vertebrae are crushed like walnut
dialog: shells.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED (cont’d)
dialog: Never knew you had one.
text: Creed drops Wraith’s body to the ground.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. HINES’ HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Carol Hines, the Army surgeon last seen in Alkali Lake,
text: unlocks her front door and steps inside her house.
text: She looks exhausted, with deep circles under her eyes. She
text: puts her keys and the mail on a table by the door and then
text: looks up, startled, when she hears SHRIEKING.
text: Hines, very nervous, advances into the dark kitchen.
text: She flicks on the lights. A red kettle on the stove top
text: whistles. A mug waits on the counter. Hines, mystified, turns
text: off the burner.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (V.O.)
dialog: Pour yourself a cup of tea.
text: Hines spins around. Logan sits at the kitchen table, an unlit
text: cigar in his mouth.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: It’s gonna be a long night.
scene_heading: INT. HINES’ HOUSE - LATER
text: They both sit at the kitchen table now. Logan smokes his
text: cigar and watches Hines, who clutches her mug of tea with
text: trembling hands.
text: Logan watches her through the haze of smoke.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Careful, Doc. I can smell a lie. I
dialog: can hear it. Maybe you start to
dialog: sweat a little bit. Maybe the pitch
dialog: of your voice changes. But I’11
dialog: know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell me about Creed.
text: Hines opens her mouth, closes it, opens it again.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: I can’t. Please... you don’t know
dialog: what they’11 do to me.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Nope. But I know exactly what I’1l
dialog: do to you.
speaker_heading: (CONTT NITED Y
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hines stares at Logan and he stares back.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: I don’t believe you. You’re
dialog: different than they are. You
dialog: wouldn't hurt. an innocent person.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You’re not innocent, Doc.
text: He leans forward, forearms on the tabletop,
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont ’d)
dialog: What does Victor Creed have to do
dialog: with the Weapon X program?
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: It's not the Weapon X program, it’s
dialog: the Weapon Ultra program. Started
dialog: sixty-five years ago. They’ve been
dialog: trying to make the perfect soldier
dialog: for a long time. First to fight the
dialog: Nazis. Then the Communists. Now
dialog: it’s mutants.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So where does Weapon X fit in?
text: Hines closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: You don’t understand. X is a letter
dialog: but it’s also a Roman numeral.
dialog: Weapon “Ex” is a nickname.
dialog: Officially, you’re Weapon Ten.
dialog: (beat)
text: Victor Creed is Weapon Nine.
text: Hines watches him, unsure how he’11 react.
speaker_heading: HINES (cont’d)
dialog: Both of you are experiments...
text: prototypes. The final product is
text: almost ready. Weapon Eleven.
text: Logan’s face darkens as the extent of his betrayal becomes
text: clear to him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Creed works for Stryker.
text: Hines nods.
speaker_heading: [CONTTNUFD)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont‘d) . )
dialog: He ordered it. He ordered Creed to
dialog: kill her.
text: Hines can see Logan’s mounting fury. She holds up her hands.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: I don’t know about anyone getting
dialog: killed. I’m just a scientist. I
text: work in a lab sixteen hours a day.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just following orders, huh?
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: He was your.commanding officer for
dialog: years. How many people did you kill
dialog: on his orders?
text: Logan stares at her for a long count. She stares back,
text: terrified but resolute.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: All this time I been hunting Creed,
dialog: and he’s just a puppet. It’s
text: Stryker pulling the strings.
text: He stubs out his cigar on the breakfast table.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: You ready to stop following orders?
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Stryker stands at the window overlooking Alkali Lake. Dr.
text: Cornelius steps into the room, holding a black.leather case.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: The Eleven will be ready within 24
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: STRYKER {
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Sir... Lieutenant Hines hasn't
dialog: reported to base today.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Hines? bone
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Stryker considers the information for a moment. and nods.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: All right, thank you, Doctor.
dialog: (glancing at case)
dialog: What’s this?
text: cornelius sets the case on the table and opens it. Six
text: gleaming, armor-piercing bullets rest in green felt niches.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: We saved the leftover adamantium
text: from the Weapon X procedure.
text: Stryker plucks one of the bullets from its niche and rolls it
text: between his fingers, examining it with a practiced eye.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (cont'd)
dialog: Each one’s got a high-explosive
text: core. Two in the head and Logan’s
dialog: brain will have to regenerate from
dialog: seratch.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: They won’t kill him?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: According to the computer models we
dialog: ran, there's a 30 percent chance
dialog: his healing factor will
dialog: reconstitute the gray matter. But
text: those synaptic bridges that form
dialog: our memories? Gone. If he survives,
text: his brain will come back fresh.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: A blank slate... easy to train.
text: Stryker fondles the shining bullet lovingly.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: She’s a pretty little thing.
speaker_heading: : CORNELIUS
dialog: She ought to be. That’s the world’s
dialog: most expensive bullet.
text: Stryker pulls .a revolver from his shoulder holster, dumps the
text: standard rounds, and begins loading the adamantium bullets.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNGEDS
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (cont’d)
dialog: There’s another way, a more
dialog: reliable way, to break down his
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Mm?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Only problem is, the procedure can
dialog: only be done here at Alkali Lake.
text: Stryker swings the chamber shut and holsters his gun.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Oh, he’s coming back, Doctor. We
dialog: have what he’s looking for.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE - DAY
text: Hines, driving an old Ford, pulls up.to the guard house at
text: the perimeter of the compound. A YOUNG SENTRY salutes her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SENTRY
dialog: Morning, Lieutenant.
text: Hines smiles brightly, trying to hide her nervousness.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Good morning!
text: The sentry looks into the car’s cabin. The passenger seat is
text: empty. The back seat is empty.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SENTRY
dialog: Could you pop the trunk for me?
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: The trunk?
speaker_heading: YOUNG SENTRY
dialog: Yes, ma’am.
text: It’s all standard procedure but Hines is close to panicking.
text: She opens the glove compartment and hits the trunk release.
text: The sentry inspects the trunk... nothing but a coil of rope
text: and a roll of electrical tape. He slams the trunk door.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SENTRY (cont’d)
dialog: You have a good day.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED Y
dialog: ews
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He signals to a second SENTRY standing inside the guard
text: house, who hits a button. The steel gate rolls open and Hines
text: drives into the compound.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Hines steps out of her parked car and looks around. No one is
text: in the immediate vicinity.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: It’s safe.
text: Logan crawls out from the underbody, where he had been
text: clinging. He dusts himself off.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Were you aiming for every speed
dialog: bump in the state?
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Sorry about that. Now what?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: We find a uniform that fits.
text: A well-built SERGEANT walks toward his vehicle, paging
text: through requisition papers on a clipboard.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont ‘d)
dialog: That ought to work.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE WEAPONS ENGINEERING CENTER - DAY
text: Hines and Logan, who now wears a crisp uniform with a
text: sergeant’s stripes and a black beret, walk into the building.
scene_heading: INT. WEAPONS ENGINEERING CENTER - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: You have some blood on your shirt.
text: Logan sees the drops of blood and tries to blot them out.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I barely hit the guy.
text: They don’t notice as a small security camera near the
text: entrance pivots, its black eye watching the intruders.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hines, very nervous, tries to keep her composure. Logan puts
text: a hand on her shouider-- partly to steady her nerves, partly
text: to keep pushing her forward.
speaker_heading: . LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: Time to visit the Colonel.
scene_heading: INT. WEAPONS ENGINEERING CENTER - DAY
text: Hines and Logan walk down a long corridor. Several SOLDIERS
text: and SCIENTISTS walk by, most of them ignoring the pair.
text: One young scientist in a lab coat hurries past, nodding at
dialog: Hines.
scene_heading: YOUNG SCIENTIST
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Murphy.
text: Hines waits till Murphy passes. She stops in front of a
text: locked door and allows a laser scanner to read her retina.
text: The door slides open.
text: Logan looks through the open doorway, his nostrils flaring.
text: He looks primed for homicide.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I can smell him.
text: He walks through the door. Hines checks to see if the coast
text: is clear and follows him. Neither notices the security camera
text: mounted on the ceiling, swiveling to track their movement.
scene_heading: INT. WEAPON XI FACILITY - DAY
text: Logan and Hines stand at the top of a steel staircase, forty
text: feet above the concrete floor of a massive cavern.
text: Created in the 1960s by an underground hydrogen bomb test,
text: the Alkali Lake cavern is the second biggest in the country,
text: smaller only than the salt caverns of the Gulf Coast, home of
dialog: the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The sheer. scale of the place is staggering. Three times the
text: size of the Super Dome, with walls of rough granite, the
text: cavern is loud with the constant thrum of ventilation and
text: high-powered machinery. Heavy steel pillars support the
text: ceiling of the cavern.
text: Ten thousand stainless steel isolation tanks crowd the floor,
text: arrayed in a grid, each tank slightly larger than a coffin.
text: TECHNICIANS walk in between the tanks, checking gauges,
text: writing notes in clipboards.
text: More technicians sit on a raised podium in the center of the
text: cavern, overlooking the Eleven, entering information into the
text: computers that monitor the sleeping army.
text: Logan is awed by the sight. Hines has descended the staircase
text: ahead of him. He follows after her.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Welcome to Weapon Eleven.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: I thought it was just gonna be one
dialog: guy. This is...
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Ten thousand.
text: They reach the cavern floor and walk amongst the Eleven.
speaker_heading: HINES (cont’d)
dialog: Stryker says mutants and humans
dialog: will fight a war soon.
dialog: (gesturing to Weapon XI)
dialog: This is his army.
text: The camera glides over the isolation tanks as Hines continues
text: to speak. We catch glimpses of the ELEVEN inside, comatose
text: soldiers with needles and wires protruding from their skin,
text: exactly like Logan during the Weapon X procedure.
text: The men all look identical and they all look oddly familiar.
speaker_heading: HINES (cont‘d}
dialog: They incorporate the most
dialog: successful features of the previous
text: Weapons. Enhanced skeletons,
dialog: heightened senses, healing factor--
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Logan stops beside one tank and looks at the man inside, who
text: floats in his chemical sleep. His eyes widen when he realizes
text: what he’s looking at.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's Creed...
text: He looks inside another tank. Same cruel face, same powerful
text: body. Only their shaved heads distinguish them from Victor
dialog: Creed. :
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont’d)
dialog: They’‘re all Creed.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Stryker’s most successful mutant
text: hunter. They cloned’ him years ago.
dialog: {beat)
dialog: The Colonel’s been planning this
dialog: for a long time.
text: Logan walks through the midst of this vast, sleeping army,
text: surrounded by ten thousand replicas of his worst enemy.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: They get into the world, it’s
dialog: genocide.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: I think that’s the general idea.
text: Logan stops in mid-stride, head raised in the manner of a
text: hunting dog who has just caught wind of his prey.
speaker_heading: HINES (cont‘d)
dialog: What’s the matter?
text: Logan moves, walking quickly, nearly knocking over a
text: technician entering data into one of the stasis pods.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Hey...
text: Hines hurries after Logan, smiling apologetically at the
text: annoyed technician.
speaker_heading: HINES.
dialog: Where you going?
text: Logan never turns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED \
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Don’t follow me.
text: Hines stops, standing alone in the middle of the Eleven.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Logan walks rapidly down the hallway, his pace accelerating
text: as he nears a closed doorway. He rests his head against the
text: door for a moment before putting his hand on the knob and
text: entering the room.
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Stryker sits behind his desk, smiling at Logan. But Logan’s
text: not locking at the colonel. He’s looking at the young woman
text: who sits across from Stryker, her back to the door.
text: She doesn’t turn. Her long black hair cascades down her back.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Hello, old friend. We've been
dialog: waiting for you.
text: Logan walks toward the desk, slowly now, a man in a nightmare
text: he can’t wake from.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Did you really think we just let
dialog: you walk away three years ago?
dialog: You’re a dangerous man, my friend.
dialog: We like to keep an eye on dangerous
dialog: men.
text: When Logan reaches the young woman he puts his hand on her
dialog: shoulder.
text: Kayla Silverfox turns and stares up at him, tears streaming
text: down her face.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
text: An aluminum baseball bat whirs through the air, smashing the
text: back of Logan’s head.
text: Logan falls to the floor, unconscious.
text: Victor Creed stands above him, staring at the flattened
text: barrel of the baseball bat.
speaker_heading: CCONTTNUEDY
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Man’s got a hard head.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Let’s go. He’ll only be out for a
dialog: couple minutes.
text: Creed tosses aside the bat and lifts Logan onto his shoulders
dialog: as easily as a normal man would lift a child of six. He
text: carries Logan out of the room, winking at Kayla.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CHAMBER, ALKALI LAKE — DAY
text: Logan, still unconscious, sits on a chair that looks far too
text: similar to an electric chair, his arms and legs bound with
text: titanium manacles that prevent any movement.
text: The room looks like an execution chamber, complete with a
text: viewing window.
text: He opens his eyes and blinks in the bright light. Stryker and
text: Creed stand in front of him but Logan doesn’t look at them.
text: Dr. Cornelius and an ASSISTANT stand near a machine that is
text: wired to the electric chair, fiddling with the controls, but
text: Logan doesn’t look at them, either.
text: He stares at Kayla, who cannot meet his eyes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (very quiet)
dialog: You know who I am.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No I don’t.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: She’s real, old friend. Your eyes
dialog: are telling you. Your ears. Your
dialog: nose.
text: Logan ignores Stryker, staring at the love of his life.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You’re dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
dialog: Neu!
dialog: 
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: I asked you nicely to join the
dialog: program. And you were so stubborn.
dialog: But I knew if nothing else could ~
dialog: motivate you, revenge would.
text: Stryker smiles at Kayla, a proud professor beaming at his
dialog: student.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Tell him. Tell him about the day
dialog: you died.
text: Kayla, head bowed, is silent for a long count. When she
text: speaks her voice is a strange monotone, devoid of feeling.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: They gave me a syringe full of
dialog: hydrochlorothiazide.
scene_heading: EXT. ACCESS ROAD - AN EARLIER DAY
dialog: Perhaps the colors are desaturated to let us know that this
dialog: is a scene we've witnessed before, or thought we did.
text: Kayla sits behind the wheel of her pickup. Victor Creed walks
text: toward her, black talons raking five gashes on the hood.
text: Kayla has been expecting him. She pulls her backpack out from
text: behind the seat and takes from it a hypodermic needle and a
text: plastic IV bag filled with dark blood.
text: Creed tears the truck’s door off its hinges and tosses it
text: twenty yards. Kayla injects herself with the hypodermic.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.0.)
dialog: Reduces the heartbeat to almost
text: zero. Breathing virtually stops.
dialog: Makes you flatline for six minutes.
text: Kayla hops down from the truck. She holds out the Iv bag to
text: Victor, who casually pierces it with his claw.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: I’d been drawing my own blood every
dialog: night for the past week. I had four
text: liters ready that morning.
text: Kayla smears. her own blood on her body and empties the rest
text: of the bag on the pavement. She lies down in the puddle ina
text: fetal position, her breathing already beginning to slow.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CENTER, ALKALI LAKE - DAY
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Same as Victor. Stryker gave me a
dialog: choice: spend the rest of my life
dialog: in prison or come work for him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Prison...
text: Kayla finally raises her head.and looks directly at Logan.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Shot my Daddy when I was eighteen.
dialog: Big mistake. Should have shot him
dialog: when I was seventeen.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You told me he died of a heart
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Maybe he had a heart attack after I
text: shot him. Sat there and watched him
dialog: bleed. After what that man did to
dialog: me, I wish he died slower.
text: Logan stares at her for a long time.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: That sweet little girl you lived
dialog: with in the cabin? That was all
dialog: make-believe.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You loved me. I know you loved me.
text: Kayla blinks and looks away.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m a good actress.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No one’s that good.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED Y
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Everybody’s a sucker for something.
dialog: Figuring out what it is, that’s the
dialog: trick. For you, it’s a woman's
dialog: love. An easy weakness to forgive.
dialog: But still a weakness.
text: Stryker signals to Cornelius. The doctor and his assistant
text: attach a nasty-looking copper halo to Logan’s skull. The halo
text: is wired to the electric chair.
text: Logan never takes his eyes off Silverfox.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t be angry at her. She was just
dialog: serving her country, keeping the
text: mutant menace in check. She and
dialog: Victer have been a real credit to
dialog: their race.
text: It takes Logan a moment to understand this comment.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're a mutant?
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: My Daddy found out when I was
dialog: twelve. Said a freak like me
dialog: deserved whatever I got.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: My kind of guy.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: She’s a gifted girl. She can plant
dialog: thoughts in anyone's mind, make
dialog: them believe what she wants-- as
text: long as she stays focused on them.
text: He strokes her long dark hair, proud of his protégé. Kayla
text: doesn’t seem thrilled by Stryker’s touch, but she endures it.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: A useful tool in a seduction.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: Spent so much time getting you to
dialog: love me, by the time the Colonel
dialog: showed up I couldn’t get you to
dialog: leave me.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Dr. Cornelius finishes calibrating his machine and adjusting
text: the halo brace.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: We’re good to go.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: So, Logan... The truth is, you're a
dialog: real pain in the ass. But we've
dialog: invested far too much time and
dialog: treasure to terminate you. We’re
text: starting over.
text: Cornelius checks the digital gauges on the machine.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: If I’ve calibrated correctly, we’1l
dialog: leave intact the hard-wired
text: functions, walking and talking, all
dialog: that good stuff.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: You mean I don’t get to potty train
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: But every memory you’ve ever had
dialog: will evaporate. Just like it never
dialog: happened.
text: Logan never takes his eyes off Kayla, his personal Judas.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (to Cornelius)
dialog: Let me know when he’s clean. I have
dialog: to look in on our other guest.
text: Stryker exits the room, followed by Victor.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (to Kayla)
dialog: That story you told me... about the
dialog: guy who goes to get flowers for the
dialog: Moon. I can’t get it out of my
dialog: head. Except I had it all
dialog: backwards. I thought you were the
dialog: moon and I was your Wolverine. But
dialog: you’re the Trickster, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) .
speaker_heading: LOGAN (cont'd)
dialog: And I’m just a schmuck who got
dialog: played.
text: Kayla is silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: My mother told me that story.
text: She takes a deep breath and turns to go.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: It doesn’t matter. You won’t
dialog: remember any of this.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You didn’t trick me into loving
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The last two months, you weren't
dialog: playing around in my skull. You
dialog: weren’t using. your powers on me. I
dialog: thought you were dead and I loved
dialog: you more than ever. Maybe it makes
dialog: you feel better to think it was all
dialog: fake. But it was never fake for me. .
text: Kayla lowers her eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You don’t know where I come from.
dialog: You don’t know what it was like.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I know exactly what is was like. I
dialog: come from there too.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I didn’t have a choice.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Course you did. You still do.
text: Kayla stares down at Logan. The tenderness returns to her
dialog: face. She conld free him right now if she wanted.
text: The moment passes and Kayla shakes her head.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTPTNITED Y
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Yeah, you keep saying that.
dialog: (to Cornelius)
dialog: Come on. Turn on the juice. Let’s
dialog: get this over with.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Whenever you’re ready, Miss
dialog: Silverfox.
text: Kayla turns and walks out of the room. Cornelius and his aide
text: follow, shutting the door behind them.
text: Logan takes a deep breath. He looks like a man who is ready
dialog: to forget everything.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - DAY
text: Hines sits alone on a metal cot. The cell door slides open.
text: Stryker and Victor step inside.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Lieutenant. Victor and I were just
dialog: discussing how to kill you and we
dialog: thought you might have some
dialog: suggestions.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Silverfox steps out of the re-education chamber. She hears
text: voices from the holding cell and approaches.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (0.S.)
dialog: When the Turks captured a traitor,
text: they strapped a steel basket to the
text: man’s stomach. Inside the basket
dialog: was a rat.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Now, even a rat can’t chew through
text: steel. But it can chew through a
dialog: stomach. So it. would. Right through
dialog: the skin and the fat and the muscle
dialog: and the intestines, right on out
text: the other side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hines looks like she might be sick very soon. Kayla steps
text: into the doorway.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Victor thinks the Turks were soft,
text: letting the rats do the dirty work.
dialog: He's looking forward to spending
dialog: your last night with you.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Please, Colonel--
text: Stryker pats Hines on the cheek and nods to Victor.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Enjoy yourself.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: Please don't do this... Please!
text: Victor drags the screaming Hines off of her cot. Kayla
text: watches with growing unease but Stryker smiles and: waves
text: goodbye as he turns the key that shuts the cell door.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CENTER, ALKALI LAKE ~— DAY
text: Logan sits in his electric chair, staring straight ahead,
text: preparing himself for the pain.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Cornelius stands behind the glass viewing window with his
text: ASSISTANT. He puts his hand on a red switch.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CENTER, ALKALI LAKE - CONTINUOUS
text: Thousands of volts surge into Logan’s skull, forcing his body
text: to arch. After several seconds the power shuts off. Tendrils
text: of white smoke rise from the copper halo.
text: Logan opens his eyes and stares at Cornelius.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That all you got?
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (to his assistant)
dialog: This could take a while. Raise the
text: amperage by forty percent.
scene_heading: INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Stryker signs a memo and hands it to his aide, Collins.
text: stands by the window, picking at her fingers.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You’re going to let Victor kill
dialog: that woman.
text: Stryker and Collins ignore her.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: When you got me out of prison, you
dialog: told me we were going to help
dialog: people.
text: Stryker continues to sign papers, never looking up.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: We are. We’re saving humanity.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: From the mutants?
text: The phone rings. Stryker answers it.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: Yes?
dialog: {listening)
dialog: Good. I’m coming down.
dialog: (hanging up; to Collins)
text: The Eleven is ready.
dialog: se.
dialog: we
dialog: Kayla
text: He stands and heads for the door. Collins follows, In the
text: doorway, Stryker stops and fixes his cold blue gaze on Kayla.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t worry, my sweet. You’re one
dialog: of the good ones. I’1l protect you.
text: He and Collins exit the room, leaving Kayla alone with her
dialog: misery.
dialog: “
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CENTER, ALKALI LAKE - DAY
text: Logan sits panting in the chair, gripping the ends of the arm
text: rests with white fingers, waiting for the next surge of
text: electricity. It comes and he arches again, all the muscles in
text: his body contracting, the veins in his neck bulging.
scene_heading: INT. VIEWING ROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: Cornelius and his assistant watch Logan with no detectable
text: sympathy. They turn when Kayla walks into the room.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Is he clean yet?
text: Cornelius and the assistant face front again.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: He’s stronger than I thought. We
dialog: could be here all night.
text: Kayla watches Logan in his agony. A glimmer of remorse passes
text: over her face.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: He was good to me.
text: Cornelius, fiddling with the amperage dial, curls his lips in
text: a sardonic smile.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: You have a funny way of showing
dialog: your gratitude.
text: Logan thrashes in his chair. Kayla chews her lip. For a long
text: count she watches Logan suffer.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You should turn it off now.
text: Cornelius turns and stares at her-
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I should what?
dialog: (blinking)
dialog: Oh. I guess that’s... I guess
dialog: that’s a good idea.
text: He turns off the electricity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED 1
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You two have always hated each
dialog: other. You should fight.
text: The assistant blinks and begins to scowl, turning toward
text: Cornelius just in time to get punched in the mouth.
text: The two men brawl on the floor with the lack of skill you’d
dialog: expect from two scientists.
scene_heading: INT. RE-EDUCATION CENTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kayla steps into the room. Logan sits slumped motionless in
text: the electric chair. She detaches the copper halo. The skin
text: beneath the metal is singed but it quickly begins to heal.
text: Kayla stares. at the man she betrayed, hesitates for a moment
text: and exhales.
text: She unfastens the titanium manacles. Logan is still
text: unconscious. Kayla shakes him gently.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Hey. Wake up.
text: Logan opens his eyes. He is clearly disoriented, as if waking
text: from a long coma. He stares up at Kayla.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Logan stares at her, groggy and confused.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: Do you understand what I’m saying?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you remember me?
text: In one blinding motion, Logan snatches Kayla by the throat
text: and roughly pulls her to him. She does not resist.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I would have done anything for you.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Do you hear me? Anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUEDY
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please... Creed’s killing your
dialog: friend.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - DAY
text: Victor Creed holds Hines against the cell wall with one hand.
text: Her feet kick in the air as she struggles.
text: He splits her blouse down the middle with a long black talon.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: I’ve always had a thing for human
dialog: chicks. You’re all so soft and
dialog: helpless.
speaker_heading: HINES
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Maybe it’s time I did a little
dialog: surgery on you, Doctor.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0.8.)
dialog: The woman said no.
text: Creed turns his head and sees Logan and Kayla standing in the
dialog: doorway.
text: He grins and tosses Hines aside. She crashes into the wall
text: and slides to the floor, dazed.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: Starting to think you’re addicted
dialog: to pain. You keep coming back for
dialog: ‘more.
dialog: Snikt!
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: This is the end.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Amen to that.
text: Kayla stands in between them, holding up her hands.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Please! We shouldn’t be fighting
dialog: each other. Stryker’s using us.
scene_heading: {CONTTNURD 1)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED a
dialog: A little late for the Mutant Power
dialog: crap. We hunt freaks for the man.
dialog: That’s why we’re free.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What’s he gonna do with us when the
dialog: other mutants are dead? Put us ina
dialog: Z00?
text: Creed hesitates, considering the logic of her words. A fanged
text: smile splits his face.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Don’t try your head games on me.
dialog: I’ve gutted better telepaths than
dialog: you.
text: Creed rears back to hammer Kayla, a blow that would separate
text: her head from her body.
text: Logan catches Creed’s fist inches from Kayla’s face.
speaker_heading: LOGAN .
dialog: Time you quit picking on girls. my
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Oh, I’m happy picking on men.
text: Creed swings at Logan’s head, Logan ducks, and the fight
text: begins.
text: This is melee so efficient that no motion is wasted. Every
text: lunge would kill any other adversary. Every parried blow
dialog: would shatter a normal man’s arm. ~
text: Kayla, bleeding from the nose, staggers to her feet. She
text: helps up Hines and pushes her toward the door.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Get out of here.
text: Hines doesn’t have to be told twice. She flees. Creed sees
text: his plaything running out the door. He snarls in frustration.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: You’re ruining my party.
text: He grabs hold of Logan and hurls him headfirst through the
text: cell wall-- a concrete support wall.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan crashes to the floor, covered in rubble. Creed steps
text: out of the cell, licking his fangs.
text: Creed tries to stomp Logan’s face, but the smaller man rolls
text: out of the way and gets back on his feet.
text: fhe mutants battle down the corridor, claws whistling through
dialog: the air.
text: A team of SENTRIES charge around the corner, wearing tactical
text: armor and carrying XM8 assault rifles. They level their
text: rifles at the battling mutants.
speaker_heading: SENTRY #1
dialog: Get down! Get down!
speaker_heading: SENTRY #2
dialog: Down on your knees!
text: Logan and Creed, trying to punch holes in each other, ignore
text: the ‘sentries. Kayla, staring down the barrels of the big
text: guns, holds up her hands.
text: She concentrates, staring into the séntries’ eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: We’re here as guests of Colonel
dialog: Stryker.
text: The sentries’ hostility shifts into apologetic obeisance.
speaker_heading: SENTRY #1
dialog: Very sorry about that.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You boys are no longer needed here.
dialog: Go back to barracks.
speaker_heading: SENTRIES
dialog: You got it. See ya later. Bye!
text: The sentries wave cheerfully and depart.
text: Creed and Logan are equally skilled, but Creed’s superior
text: size and strength begin to wear the smaller man down.
text: Creed slams him into the wall, opening fissures. Holding both
text: of Wolverine’s wrists up with one hand, Creed grabs
text: Wolverine’s face with his free hand.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNUEDY
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: His black claws slide toward Wolverine’s eyes.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: How you gonna fight without eyes,
dialog: little man?
text: Logan brings his knee up hard, smashing his adamantium-—
text: enhanced kneecap into Creed’s groin.
text: The big man groans. Logan spins Creed around, jamming him
text: against the wall. He tries to skewer Creed with the claws of
text: his right hand but Creed moves his head at the last moment.
text: Logan’s claws are buried to the hilt’ in the wall. He strikes
text: at Creed with his left hand, but Creed dodges again. All six
text: of Logan’s claws are deep in the solid rock wall.
text: He brings his hands together, the adamantium blades slicing
text: through granite as if it were cheesecake.
text: Creed ducks under the claws an instant before they shred him.
text: He grabs Logan in a bear hug.
text: A large section of the wall behind them falls out, and,
text: unable to halt their momentum, Logan and Creed tumble through
text: the hole, disappearing from sight.
text: Kayla runs over and stands at the jagged precipice, looking
text: out onto the gargantuan Weapon XI cavern.
scene_heading: INT. WEAPON XI FACILITY - CONTINUOUS
text: Logan and Creed fall seventy feet, clawing at each other in
text: mid-air.
text: Logan hits the floor hard, the impact blasting a small crater
text: in the concrete.
text: Creed manages a rolling fall, cat-quick and dexterous.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Stryker stands on the raised podium in the center of the
text: cavern, overlooking his vast, sleeping army. He cannot
dialog: believe what he’s seeing.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (to Lead Technician)
dialog: I want the Eleven combat ready.
speaker_heading: fCONTTNUED }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: . LEAD TECHNICIAN
dialog: We can’t rush them, sir. They’ve
dialog: been in stasis for--
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: i want them ready!
text: The Lead Technician flinches and barks orders to his
text: subordinates, who enter commands into their computers.
text: The lids of ten thousand isolation tanks slide open. As the
text: camera roams among the Eleven, needles and hoses detach from
text: theix bodies, releasing their metallic grip.
text: The cloned Creeds begin to stir in their stainless steel
text: coffins.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Creed pounces on Logan, who is still severely injured from
text: the fall. Creed tears into the smaller man mercilessly,
text: slinging him around the cavern, gouging him with his black
text: talons.
text: Creed batters Logan with a series of savage blows. Logan
text: falls, his healing factor overwhelmed, barely conscious.
text: Creed plants one heavy black boot on Logan’s face and presses
text: down hard. He leers at his defeated foe.
speaker_heading: VICTOR CREED
dialog: Your pal Wraith pissed all over my
text: boots when I crushed his spine.
dialog: Smell like fear, don’t they?
text: Something changes within Logan, a fury so overwhelming it
dialog: cannot be contained, a rage so vast it could only be called
dialog: berserker. .
text: _Logan rolls toward his tormentor, sweeping his claws straight
text: through Creed’s ankle, severing the foot.
text: Creed screams and falls to his knees.
text: Logan stands, grabbing a handful of Creed’s dirty blonde
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: This is for the ones who couldn’t
dialog: fight back.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: The adamantium blades are a silver blur in the overhead A
dialog: light. “
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: Stryker, standing on the podium, sees his chief henchman's
text: head tumble from his shoulders. He grits his teeth and
text: surveys his army.
text: Ten thousand enhanced warriors begin to step out of their
text: steel coffins, baring their fangs, eyeing their surroundings.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
dialog: (to the Lead Technician)
dialog: Activate the PA system.
text: The Lead Technicians flips a switch. Stryker speaks into a
text: microphone; his voice booms from speakers mounted on the
text: pillars throughout the cavern.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: Soldiers!
text: The Eleven snap to attention with machined synchronicity, all
text: ten thousand facing Stryker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Logan, bloodied but healing, stares down at his fallen enemy.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (0.S.)
dialog: Logan!
text: Kayla runs down one of the steel staircases that clings to
text: the cavern wall like fire escapes. .
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont ’d}
dialog: If we get closer to Stryker, I can
dialog: work my magic.
text: Logan stares at Stryker, his true enemy, the man who
text: destroyed his life. Ten thousand clones encircle Stryker, who
text: stands on the raised podium in the cavern’s center.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don’t want him hypnotized. I want
text: him dead.
text: Never taking his eyes off his enemy, Logan advances.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: Y
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED J.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Stryker sees Logan walking toward him, toward the hordes of
text: clones. Stryker shakes his head and smiles.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: The man’s committing suicide.
text: He leans into the microphone. The Eleven listen to their
text: commander’s voice, amplified by hundreds of speakers.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: No army that ever marched could
dialog: stand against you! You will never
dialog: abandon your mission, .and your
dialog: mission is simple! Kill the
dialog: mutants! Kill them wherever you
dialog: find them!
text: Stryker points at Logan.
speaker_heading: SPRYKER (cont ‘d)
dialog: THIS IS YOUR FIRST ENEMY!
text: Ten thousand cloned murderers turn on Logan, soulless black
text: eyes focusing on their target.
text: Logan stops his march beside one of the massive steel pillars
text: that supports the cavern ceiling.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (to Kayla)
dialog: Get the hell out of here.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Bringin’ down the house.
text: He sweeps his claws clean through the pillar, at an angle-
text: The uppermost section shears off and drills into the floor
text: with a concussive whump that spiderwebs the concrete for
text: thirty feet around the impact site.
text: Stryker realizes what Logan is doing.
speaker_heading: STRYKER
text: ATTACK! ATTACK!
text: The Eleven charge. From above we can see the full-scale of
text: the onslaught, wave upon wave of cloned murderers closing in-
speaker_heading: [CONTTNITED }
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: Logan runs to the next pillar and slices through it. Creaks
text: and groans sound overhead, as the tremendous weight above
text: exerts pressure on the remaining weight-bearing supports.
text: Most of the ten thousand can’t get close to Logan, but they
text: all want in on the first kill.
text: Whirling, slashing, stabbing, kicking, Logan scythes a circle
text: of devastation, spray-painting the floor with the black blood
dialog: of the Eleven.
text: He reaches a third pillar and chops through it.
text: Kayla eyes the ceiling nervously and hurries toward the exit.
speaker_heading: STRYKER (cont’d)
dialog: STOP HIM, YOU IDIOTS! STOP HIM!
text: Even Logan can’t hold back the tide for long. Talons rake his
text: face, his arms, his chest. But still he battles, slicing
text: through a fourth pillar, a fifth.
text: Tremendous fissures split the rock ceiling. Dust and rocks
text: fall onto the cavern floor as the fissures widen.
text: Logan sees that the cavern’s collapse is imminent. He can no
text: longer hold off the Eleven’s assault.
text: An instant before the clones can shred him, he jumps, using
text: his claws to scale one of the still-standing steel pillars
text: with the grace and speed of a leopard climbing a tree.
text: One of the clones follows, using his black talons in the same
text: fashion, grabbing at Logan’s feet.
text: When Logan is forty feet above the throng of teeth-gnashing
text: clones, he severs the pillar below his feet. The clone
text: chasing him can climb no farther, can do nothing but roar and
text: hiss at his escaping prey.
text: Logan swings himself onto the steel staircase, where Kayla
text: waits beside the open door. He races up the stairs.
text: Stryker sees his dream in ruins. He runs for the nearest
dialog: exit.
text: Kayla and Logan are a few feet from the door, from safety,
text: when the cavern ceiling gives out. Thousands of tons of stone
text: and steel come crashing down.
text: Logan grabs Kayla and hauls her to safety an instant before
dialog: she would be crushed.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE — DAY
text: The compound has essentially imploded, the major structures
text: falling inte the massive pit created by the cavern’s
dialog: collapse.
text: Severed gas lines and ruptured boilers have turned the crater
text: into a raging fire pit. Smoke billows up from the molten
dialog: core.
text: A few dazed survivors, SOLDIERS and SCIENTISTS, have escaped
text: the carnage, but Alkali Lake no longer exists as a military
text: base. Thousands of singed documents flutter in the wind.
text: Logan and Kayla walk away from the burning crater, never
text: looking back. They head through the woods toward the lake
text: that glitters in the sunlight.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: One of them could have survived.
text: Logan glances at her.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont‘d)
dialog: The clones. They’ve got your
dialog: healing factor.
text: Logan looks back at the devastation.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Unless someone comes along who can
dialog: move a few million tons-of steel,
dialog: they ain’t going anywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE - LATER
text: yhey stop at the edge of the lake. Paper from the destroyed
text: base drifts through the air, falling on the water and the
dialog: shore,
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: Almost looks peaceful from here.
speaker_heading: | KAYLA
dialog: There’s something I want you to
dialog: know.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNITED Y
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe nothing I say matters
dialog: anymore. But I’m going to say it
dialog: anyway. I...
text: A blossom of blood opens up on her chest. She stares down at
text: it in wonder before sinking to her knees.
text: Logan turns and sees Stryker walking toward them.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont ’d)
dialog: No...
text: Stryker fires again. The adamantium bullet rips through
text: Logan's forehead with an unholy sound.
text: Logan falls to the ground. Stryker stands above him and fires
text: another bullet into Logan’s head.
text: Stryker turns the gun on Kayla.
speaker_heading: KAYLA {(cont’d)
dialog: You don’t need to waste another
dialog: bullet. I’m already dead.
text: Stryker blinks and hesitates. Kayla coughs, her strength
text: beginning to fade.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: Maybe you should turn that gun on
dialog: yourself, Colonel.
text: Stryker nods, pointing the gun at his own head.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont ’d)
dialog: It would be good for the mutants if
dialog: I made you pull the trigger.
dialog: {beat)
dialog: Why do you hate us so much?
text: Stryker's finger trembles on the trigger.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: Is it because your son is one of
dialog: us?
text: For the first time, perhaps, we see something human in the
text: cold blue of Stryker’s eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont‘d)
dialog: Enough killing, Colonel. Throw your
text: gun in the lake.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED Y
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Stryker does as he’s told. The revolver sinks into the water.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont’d)
dialog: Leave us. Keep walking till your
text: feet start to bleed.
text: Stryker turns and walks away.
text: Kayla crawls over to Logan. She lifts his head onto her lap.
text: He’s unconscious but breathing. The bullet holes in his skin
text: have already healed. She strokes his jaw. and smiles sadly.
text: One of the scraps of paper from the base blows against her
text: leg. She takes it and looks down at the blank page.
text: She has no pen. She touches her chest, just above her heart,
text: wetting her finger with her blood.
text: She writes four words on the page, blows on it to dry it,
text: folds it once and places it in Logan’s hand.
text: She kisses his lips and rests his head gently on the ground.
text: Fighting the pain, a dying woman, Kayla manages to stand.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (cont'd)
dialog: If you ever remember what I did to
dialog: you, try to forgive me. I was a
dialog: fool. And you were right... I
dialog: always loved you.
text: She turns and walks toward the lake, never looking back,
text: never hesitating as the waters rise above her knees, above
text: her waist, above her shoulders, above her head.
scene_heading: EXT. ALKALI LAKE - SUNSET
text: Logan’s eyes flutter and open. For a moment he squints into
text: the blue sky.
text: He sits up, looking around. The woods are empty.
text: He stands, completely disoriented, a stranger in the world.
text: He realizes that he’s holding a piece of paper in his hand.
text: He unfolds it and reads the message written in blood.
dialog: You are my Wolverine.
text: He stares at it for a moment before folding it carefully and
text: putting it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: He takes a deep breath of cold air and walks west, toward the
text: falling sun.
text: He doesn't know who he is. He doesn’t know where he’s going.
text: But the wind blows through his hair, the last of the sunlight
text: feels good on his skin. He is a free man.
text: He walks toward his destiny.
dialog: 
dialog: 
