dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: X-MEN
speaker_heading: : BY
speaker_heading: i ED SOLOMAN .
scene_heading: I CHRISTOPHER MCQUARRIE.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: 
scene_heading: FEBRUARY T5. 1999
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Gray sky. vast and immeasurable. So featureless it seems
text: devoid of even an abstract perceptibility, it is as though
dialog: the gray could be right in front of your face. It could be
dialog: today, it could be a thousand years ago.
text: Slowly fading in are the sounds of a commotion. Perhaps a
text: bustling street corner, a marketplace, a mall. As the voices
dialog: grow louder we realize we could be at a football game or some
dialog: similar public forum.
text: Voices. Some laughing. THEN A SCREAM, only a whistle, we are
dialog: at a train station, perhaps?
scene_heading: PAN DOWN TO REVEAL:
text: Horizontal tangles of barbed wire creep up, followed by mcze
text: of the same, until we come to a large, brick archway. Upon it
dialog: is a sign:
speaker_heading: ARBEIT MACHT FRIE
text: And then more gray. This in the form of German uniforms along
text: side a train on the inbound for an unmistakable stop at what
dialog: can only be a concentration camp. We will punctuate.
speaker_heading: TITLES:
speaker_heading: POLAND - 1943
text: The train grinds to a halt in the brown snow that smears the
dialog: ground.
text: Just beyond the railroad tracks are literally hundreds if not
text: thousands of expatriated Jews bound for the inevitable.
text: The doors to the car are flung open and the friendly talk and
text: laughing of German soldier to German soldier gives way to the
text: yelling.
dialog: The words are not necessary. The language is not ours and the
dialog: images say enough.
text: Men, women and children are herded off the train like cattle
text: toward a large open yard. There they huddle until the Germans
text: begin to shout, and shove through the mob.
text: A SINGULARLY PLEASANT LOOKING GERMAN walks into the arena,
text: bringing near silence with him. He is an officer, in the
text: impressive black sharpness of the SS. His face is warm and
text: inviting. He smiles to the unfortunate "relocated" as he
text: walks among them. Some even smile and allow themselves a
text: moment of hope.
text: The Pleasant German never wavers in his demeanor as he
text: quietly speaks to the other soldiers. When he is done talking
text: to them, they laugh loudly, happily; saluting him and going
dialog: quickly to their work.
text: It is deceptively promising, and some of the Jews begin to
dialog: relax... smile.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: A LITTLE BOY. A boy who will not die this day. A boy who will
text: live to see the end of the war and the world of the future.
text: He smiles now too as the Pleasant German passes by him in the
text: crowd and runs a gloved hand through the little boy's filthy
text: hair. Nan and boy share a smile as though the war had never
text: been. The boy looks up at HIS WORKIED PARENTS - a sturdy
text: looking couple, who also relax, but none so much as to
text: forget. Then the German is gone.
text: And the screaming begins.
text: The soldiers push their way through the mob using rifles as
text: pikes, screaming and terrorizing the lot of them. Suddenly,
text: it is clear what they are doing. They are dividing the mob
dialog: into smaller groups.
text: Soon, the groups themselves become evident.
text: Men from women. Children from adults. The family tries to
text: stay together, clinging to one another dearly, until finally,
text: they are put upon by a number of gray uniforms and pulled
dialog: apart.
text: The boy is dragged screaming, his feet no longer touching the
text: ground. Two soldiers carry him as they follow the back of a
text: large column of children being led through a gate of barbed
text: wire so dense, it resembles wool.
text: The gate closes and the boy looks back to see his parents -
text: along with many others - being restrained by a number of
text: soldiers. The screaming is deafening.
text: And the boy's can be heard above it all. The soldiers seem to
dialog: be having a hard time carrying such a frail child. The
text: farther they get from the fence, the heavier he seems to get,
text: until they are literally pulling him as though he were
text: anchored to something.
text: Then we notice again that his feet do not touch the ground.
text: His outstretched fingers claw at the thin air and he screams
text: until the blood in his face is blue.
text: The soldiers are literally pulled back a step and they begin
text: to slip in the mud. They look at one another and then over
text: their shoulder as they hear a sound.
text: A groaning, creaking sound. And then the unmistakable twang
text: of wire stretched to snapping.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: The fence. The gate that separates the parents. It bows
text: toward them like iron filings to a magnet, and several of the
text: strands of barbed wife have given way.
text: The boy continues to scream as all the other faces simply
dialog: freeze and wonder.
text: One of the soldiers pulls a pistol from his belt and brains
text: the boy violently.
text: He slumps, and the soldiers carrying him spring forward as
text: though a rope that was holding them back has been cut. They
text: nearly fall, looking at one another with some concern, some
dialog: confusion....
text: Then they follow the line of children that has gotten ahead
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: The boy's parents watch him as he, as they, are taken away.
dialog: The rest of their story is as you would expect.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: Bright, bright blue framing blinding white sun.
scene_heading: PAN DOWN AGAIN TO REVEAL:
text: The golden high grass of the Savannah.
speaker_heading: TITLES
speaker_heading: KENYA - 1972
text: The hot scorched arid savannah.
text: A group of children at play. Tribal children who, without
dialog: help of the titles could be from any age.
text: They run through a tiny village of huts and thatch, playing a
dialog: version of tag, it would seem.
text: One child is it, than another. Each trying to avoid being
text: tagged though never going far enough away to miss the fun.
text: One girl in particular. A PRETTY GIRL OF 12, is tagged and
text: immediately shunned.
text: She chases kids this way and that, but to no avail. She is
text: not strong enough, nor agile enough, to win.
text: It is clear the other children know this and it begins to
dialog: make them giggle.
text: The giggles become laughter and the laughter becomes a taunt,
dialog: and before we even realize, the inherent cruelty of children
text: let loose becomes evident.
text: They have now formed a circle, at first avoiding her touch
text: with distance, but now growing tighter with menace. Soon she
dialog: is no longer the thing to be afraid of, but the thing that
dialog: should fear. In the unspoken manner of children at prey, the
text: group begins to chant in their native tongue - a song we have
text: not heard but sung in a way none too inviting.
text: The girl now moves to the center of the circle, no longer
dialog: wishing to tag anyone.
text: ONE DEVIOUS CHILD seems to get an idea. He picks up a small
text: stone and tosses it at the Pretty Girl. Another child follows
text: suit and then another. Before long, mob rules gives way and
text: stones are being tossed and then thrown. Small and then
dialog: larger.
text: It grows to the brink of frenzy, the laughing and the
text: shouting not too unlike the noise of the previous scene.
dialog: So much so, we may miss the first flake of snow. The children
text: certainly do. It is snowing for a good half minute before the
text: last of them stops.
text: By then, the snow is thick as flies and wafting down to melt
text: instantly on the hot African soil that has never seen snow
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Adults come out of their huts and in from the fields and the
text: whole of the village is soon gathered round the little girl,
text: staring up at the clear blue sky and the snow that falls from
text: nowhere. From nothing.
text: One by one, all eyes fall on the little girl and the looks of
text: curiosity become looks of fear. Of superstition.
text: Punctuated by a solid thump.
dialog: And then another,
text: AN OLD MAN looks down at his feet and sees a tiny, misshapen
text: ball of ice, no bigger than his eye. Be looks at it, then
text: bites it, then pops it in his mouth - breath turning to
dialog: steam.
text: Another such chunk of ice pops him on the head. THE CROWD
speaker_heading: LAUGHS.
text: They look up again and see that mixed with the snow are tiny
text: pellets of hail, seeming to increase in number as the snow
text: mysteriously wanes.
text: And the pellets are getting larger. Until they land as hunks.
dialog: Then bricks.
text: And when the first one brings blood to a YOUNG BOY'S brow,
text: they scatter.
text: The girl drops to the ground and covers her head as
text: hailstones the size of coffee cans plow into the Earth as
text: well as the weaker shacks of grass and mud. Before long, they
text: hew a path of destruction that devastates the village.
text: And all along the girl sits huddled in the dust, crying. As
text: hailstones fall in a circle around her, never coming closer
dialog: than ten feet or so.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: ONE MORE SKY. This one a backdrop. Cheap paint and tissue
text: paper hung with hooks on a wall just behind the basket on a
dialog: full court.
text: As we pull back, we see the skyline of New York, crudely made
text: out with its silhouette buildings of dark gray and black -
text: windows of yellow.
text: Among the famous landmarks represented is the Statue of
text: Liberty, complete with a real lightbulb burning in the torch.
text: We are at a prom. The theme is RHAPSODY IN BLUE and the decor
text: has made tragic efforts to show it. The tablecloths are blue,
text: the napkins are blue - far too many of the tuxes are powder
text: blue, and the blue eyeshadow is as heavy as expected.
text: Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes" gives painful indication to
dialog: the era, but here it is, nonetheless:
scene_heading: SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA - 1986
text: MOVE ACROSS THE FLOOR and through the swaying, clutching,
text: sweating dancers to the bathroom.
dialog: Through the door to the usual -
scene_heading: IHT. BOTS BATHROOM
text: Several boys are here, bowties undone - undipped in most
text: cases. Smoking, drinking from whatever inventive container
text: was used to smuggle in booze. Breath freshener and Visine are
dialog: the chaser.
text: Some of the guys are rolling joints while others make the sad
text: effort to wave smoke away. Who are they kidding? It's a fog
dialog: in here.
text: MOVE DOWN THE ROW OF TOILET STALLS to one in particular. Here
text: we find A FRECKLED KID standing in front of mirror, clearly
text: holding himself up from the effect of God knows what.
text: He talks to his friend in the stall behind him.
speaker_heading: FRECKLED KID
dialog: Man, you are something else. What's the
dialog: matter with you?
text: His friend is on the toilet with his head in his hands. He
text: seems to be in some pain. He is SCOTT SUMMERS - AGE 17.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: My eyes... my eyes are killing me. The
text: Freckled kid offers a small plastic
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: FRECKLED KID
dialog: You want some Vitine, man?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: My... eyes.
text: He knocks the bottle away.
text: The freckled kid looks and sees that Scott's eyes are
text: watering so badly that tears are literally streaming through
text: his fingers.
text: He goes back to the niirror to look at his own.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: they're burning...
text: The freckled kid turns back to him.
speaker_heading: FRECKLED KID
dialog: Dude, how much did you smoke?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I didn't smoke anything.
text: Scott looks up, taking his hands away, revealing for an
text: instant that his eyes are merely bright red embers in his
text: head. Featureless but for the color.
text: Freckles takes a step back.
scene_heading: IHT. GYM - OUTSIDE BOYS ROOM
text: A blinding flash of light shows through the frosted glass in
text: the double door and cuts through the crack into the dark of
dialog: the gym.
text: All who see it are stunned. Frozen. A lingering moment of
dialog: confusion, then:
text: BOOM, the doors to the Boys Room burst open and the occupants
text: scatter into the gym.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - STALL
text: Freckles is still there, legs locked.
speaker_heading: FRECKLES' P.O.V.
text: He looks at Scott who is now crying meekly in the stall.
text: The door swings closed TO REVEAL:
text: A SMOKING, MOLTEN HOLE in the stall door, framing Scott's
text: face perfectly.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: The typical assembly of G.O.P. creeps. A lot of long chins
text: and attempted charismatics.
text: The room is crowded with press and the like to the point that
text: there is very little room to even move. It is quite similar
text: to another sort of hearing from days past, only this time the
text: Senator in charge is not a drunken paranoid, but a very sober
dialog: one.
text: SENATOR SCOTT FRANK KELLY sits in the middle of it all having
dialog: mastered the media much better than those around him. This is
dialog: why he is the chosen front man.
text: Just behind him sits ROBERT GUYRICH - clearly a man behind
text: the man whispering almost constantly in the Senator's ear.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (amplified via microphone)
dialog: The X-factor... also know as the imitator
dialog: gene, exists within every creature on the
dialog: planet.
text: A VERY SIMPLE IMAGE OF A GENE. Very simply drawn. It has,
text: literally, a "switch" drawn on it and the words "ON" and
dialog: "OFF."
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0O.S.; CONTINUING)
dialog: It is the gene which tells our bodies
dialog: whether to change or to stay the same. It
dialog: can be, literally, turned on or off,
dialog: depending on whether or not it receives
dialog: the appropriate cues from the
dialog: environment. One example is the
dialog: weather...
text: WE SEE graphic images making this clear, we see COLD WEATHER
text: and a PRIMITIVE MAN WITH A LOT OF HAIR.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S AMPLIFIED VOICE (0.S.; CONT'D)
dialog: For instance, as the planet gradually
text: warms up, people whose mutator genes tell
dialog: their bodies to adapt appropriately will
text: live on and continue to multiply. Others
dialog: will die out. Gradually, the species will
dialog: change.
text: As the graphic changes and depicts WARMER CLIMATE, the HAIR
text: STARTS TO DISAPPEAR ON THE MAN'S BODY.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0O.S.; CONTINUING)
dialog: Normally this process takes thousands and
dialog: thousands of years. It is the reason we
dialog: have evolved from homo habilus...
text: FOOTAGE REFLECTS THE VARIOUS STAGES OF HUMAN EVOLUTION.
text: Accompanying it is a GRAPH with a DIAGONAL LINE indicating
text: the ascent of the "human being" as we know it. Accompanying
text: the graph are evolving images of the "evolution of man.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S AMPLIFIED VOICE (0O.S.
speaker_heading: CONT'D)
dialog: ...to homo erectus, to hoao s<piens
dialog: neanderthalis, and, finally, to homo
dialog: sapiens sapiens.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - WE'RE IN A SENATE HEARING ROOM
text: PACKED with reporters and photographers. There's a DAIS ~ a
text: raised panel of SENATORS — and a second, lower PANEL. This is
dialog: where the "experts* are testifying.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: JEAN GREY
text: A strong, attractive* woman in her early 30's. Lobbying for
text: mutant rights, she addresses the room.
text: A simple placard before her: JEAN GREY. GENETICALLY ENHANCED
scene_heading: RIGHTS ASSOCIATION.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: But there's a problem..
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: The trajectory of the diagonal line changes: at a point
text: marked "homo sapiens sapiens" the line flattens.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Once we humans stopped adapting to our
dialog: environment and began adapting our
dialog: environment to suit us — in other words,
dialog: once we started making clothes, building
dialog: shelters and using heat...
text: QUICK SHOTS: early huts, early clothing; then early homes,
dialog: later homes, air conditioning, cars, modern high-rises; etc.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: the imitator gene went into dormancy,
dialog: and mankind itself stopped evolving. And
dialog: hasn't, for thousands of years.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: On the room, the reactions, and on JEAN herself.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Until now.
text: Jean directs her LASER POINTER to the words "PRESENT DAY,"
text: where the "evolution line" has resumed its rise.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: For the first time in millennia, the
dialog: earth is changing faster than our ability
dialog: to keep up with it.
dialog: 10.
text: FOOTAGE: HUMAN BEINGS, now, like the animals earlier, have
text: MINOR "MUTATIONS": we see IMAGES of minor "POWERS"- someone
text: who can seemingly MOVE SHADOWS with his hands; Uri Geller
text: BENDING SPOONS; someone else who appears to be able to SINGE
text: PAPER WITH HER EYES; someone else who can briefly MAKE AN
scene_heading: OBJECT BLUR AND THEN REFOCUS...
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: These are but a few of the reasons we are
dialog: seeing what some are calling the
text: beginnings of another stage of evolution.
text: A GAVEL bangs on the dais. A MICROPHONED VOICE interrupts.
text: Bearing down is the flamboyant SENATOR SCOTT "FRANK" KELLY, a
text: conservative from Florida, and the hearing's Chairman.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KELLY
dialog: You' re avoiding the question I posed to
dialog: you at the beginning of this hearing. Ms.
dialog: Grey. Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Considering it is the agenda of this
dialog: committee to register mutants as though
dialog: they were -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It is the appointed task of this
dialog: committee to present to the President a
dialog: comprehensive report that he may best
dialog: decide weather or not to pass a
dialog: registration act. We are not here to weed
dialog: out mutants. We are merely hear to assess
dialog: their potential threat - if any - to
dialog: national security.
text: Another SENATOR (LUCINDA ROWEE) speaks into her microphone:
speaker_heading: SENATOR ROWEE
dialog: Ms. Grey, to what extent are these
dialog: mutations actually a threat?
text: Jean takes a beat; processes the question. Then:
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Some mutations manifest themselves as
dialog: powers, but these are remote in the
dialog: extreme. Most are merely physical
dialog: alterations.
speaker_heading: SENATOR ROWEE
dialog: But are they dangerous.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: A person driving a car can be dangerous.
speaker_heading: SENATOR ROWEE
dialog: Well, we do license people to drive?
text: A LAUGH from the gallery.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: But not to live.
text: Kelly has been waiting for an opening like this and is ready.
text: He raises a blown-up photograph: a grainy, super-zoomed,
text: somewhat obscured image of a CAR ON A FREEWAY which appears
text: to have "melted." Now he's really playing to the crowd.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KELLY
text: This was taken by a traffic control video
text: in Orange County. A man in a minor
text: altercation literally melted the car in
dialog: front of him. I don't know where you come
dialog: from, Ms. Grey, but where I come from,
dialog: you don't go melting people's cars when
dialog: they cut you off. You do it the old
dialog: fashioned way — you give em the finger.
dialog: But what you presume to tell this
dialog: committee -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I presume nothing. I am here to tell you
dialog: that in time, the mutator gene will
dialog: activate in every living human being on
dialog: this planet. Perhaps even your Children,
dialog: Senator.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can assure you, there is no such
dialog: creature in my genes.
text: The room LAUGHS. Kelly mistaken thinks it is for him, until
text: the double meaning occurs to him. He is momentarily
text: embarrassed, but he quickly recovers.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: That was funny, I have to admit. You
dialog: certainly seem to be amused, Ms. Grey.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: To be frank, Senator, I am tickled.
text: The ROOM LAUGHS, good-naturedly.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I wonder how tickled this committee would
dialog: be to learn about your associate
dialog: Professor Xavier.
text: Jean reacts now, surprised to hear these words from Kelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Or about his so called "school for the
dialog: gifted." Come now, Dr. Grey. As you are
dialog: so open to disclosure, share with the
dialog: people here the purpose of this school.
text: Jean quickly collects herself.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: There is indeed a... a school
dialog: specifically designed -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: For mutants. Is that not correct, Ms.
dialog: Grey?
text: The Senator now gestures to the monitor which now displays a
scene_heading: MASSIVE ESTATE MANSION BEHIND A HIGH IRON GATE.
text: Mutters of confusion from the crowd.
text: Jean bows her head.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
text: In fact, a school whose student body is
dialog: almost entirely these so-called remote
dialog: cases. Remote in the extreme, I believe
dialog: you said. So remote, the location and
dialog: purpose of this school was, until this
dialog: very moment, unknown to the American
dialog: people.
text: The confusion is finding focus. And the focus is Jean.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: That was simply for the protection of the
dialog: students who -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Who what? Who what, Ms. Grey? Who melt
dialog: metal with their minds, perhaps control
dialog: human thought? what goes on in that
dialog: school that no normal person has been
dialog: allowed to set foot inside? Who is this
dialog: Professor Xavier and what exactly is he
dialog: preparing these mutants for?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Professor Xavier is without question the
dialog: finest -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Answer the question, Ms. Grey. What goes
dialog: on in that school?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Education. Enlightenment.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Enlightenment indeed, well, I'll put this
dialog: to you, Dr. Grey. I an of the thinking
dialog: that this Professor Xavier is an
dialog: extremist. Nothing more than a Michigan
dialog: Militia-man with a degree and some very
dialog: "extreme" parlor tricks. Tricks he does
dialog: not yet want the world to see.
text: Now the crowd has chosen it's side and Jean is not on it.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: There are some things the world is not
dialog: ready to -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen of the press.
dialog: Members of the committee. I put it to you
dialog: that any mutant left alone may indeed be
dialog: harmless to our national security; But if
dialog: history has taught us anything.- power
dialog: unchecked is power to be corrupted.
dialog: Unless we begin immediately to take
dialog: action against the efforts of people like
dialog: Dr. Grey and this... this Professor
dialog: Xavier, a minority of a few thousand may
dialog: very well be organized against a
dialog: population of millions - totally
text: unprepared for whatever unearthly
text: perversions await them.
text: The crowd reacts loudly in support of the Senator's
text: pontificate. Some cheer, some roar, some yell obscenities at
dialog: Jean.
text: He starts at Jean, delivering his last.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: They are very real. They are among us. We
dialog: must know who they are. And above all, we
dialog: must know what they can do.
dialog: 14.
text: AS THE SHOUTS OF THE MOB RISE AND GIVE WAY TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHOW COVERED WXLDERBESS - DAY
text: PLACID SNOW, mountains in the distance. A magnificent vista,
text: suddenly disturbed by movement below.
text: A FIGURE RUNNING AT INHUMAN SPEED. A moment later ANOTHER
text: FIGURE ENTERS FRAME. Larger... moving slightly faster.
speaker_heading: TITLES:
speaker_heading: CENTRAL ALASKA
text: THE NOT TOO DISTANT FUTURE
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP ON:
text: An anomaly, to say the least. A man whose features are so
dialog: much like an animal, one would think he had animal in his
text: blood. His hair is course and black, sprouting wildly from
dialog: his head. He is LOGAN. We will come to know him well. As well
dialog: as we can.
text: Then to the thing following him. So much like an animal
text: himself, he makes Logan look perfectly human. Larger,
dialog: fiercer, somehow inherently more savage. This is called
text: SABERTOOTH. The reasons are obvious'.
text: Teeth like said animal and clawed fingers to match.
dialog: Mutants of course. Two who must certainly be members of a
dialog: class "remote in the extreme."
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE
text: Logan hits a slope at full speed, making it most of the way
text: proper before sliding the last of it on his heels.
text: At the bottom, he comes to an awkward skid on the frozen bed
text: of ice that is a lake at other times of year.
text: He makes an agile footed run across the ice, but adjusting
dialog: has closed the gap.
text: SABERTOOTH LEAPS and leaps far, overtaking Logan and landing
text: on his back.
text: FEROCIOUS TEETH SINK DEEP INTO LOGAN'S SHOULDER. A scream
text: fills the wilderness for miles. Blood flows.
text: Sabertooth, in a bloodlusting rage, slams Logan down only to
text: smash a whole in the ice with his prey.
dialog: 15.
text: Logan clamors free and dives under, caught instantly by the
text: current and swept away.
speaker_heading: SILENCE
text: Sabertooth stares at the hole in the ice in frustration. Like
text: the cat he resembles so closely, he watches carefully,
text: suddenly making out bubbles under the surface, trailing away.
text: Be is quickly after them, clawed feet working as cleats in
dialog: the ice.
speaker_heading: UNDER ICE
text: Logan struggles, already short of breath and at the same time
text: trying to swim madly from the shadow above. The muffled sound
text: of feet pounding like a heartbeat.
speaker_heading: ABOVE ICE
text: Sabertooth stops again... Listening, looking, searching with
dialog: senses sharpened beyond that of human comprehension. Be
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: WHAM
text: He droves a monstrous fist through the ice and reaches in up
text: to his shoulder.... searching....
scene_heading: SILENCE AGAIN.
text: Then a violent yank. The ice gives way to the soaked and naif
text: frozen Logan who struggles to free himself from Sabertooth' s
text: grasp. A large creature dwarfed by a larger one, he is
text: hoisted in the air, claws tearing his neck.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Logan's right hand. His skin ripples and pulsates, trembles
dialog: from cold... or perhaps something else.
text: SUDDENLY, three steely claws, some nine inches long, spring
text: from the very flesh just above the knuckles.
text: A stunned pause as both he and Sabertooth look down at the
text: menacing rake.
text: Then Logan drives it home, sinking up to his hand into
text: Sabertooth's side.
text: A HOWL unlike anything ever heard and Sabertooth throws Logan
text: away from him, the claws tearing across his ribs as he does
dialog: so.
dialog: 16.
text: Logan flies several yards before hitting the ice and sliding
text: several dozen more. Be is stopped by his head as it hits a
text: rock on the far shore.
text: Sabertooth skulks over to him, taking a hand away from the
text: gash on his side in time to watch the fatal-looking wounds
text: heal as quickly as the sealing of a Ziplock bag.
text: With the sound of Sabertooth's breathing comes the rising of
dialog: the wind...
text: Snow from the ground begins to swirl in the bitter cold air.
text: Sabertooth is nearly upon Logan now and the wind rises
text: further, until he must shield his eyes from the bitter, icy
text: As he approaches, we see the fresh claw marks on Logan's face
dialog: healing before our very eyes, leaving not so much as a
dialog: scratch.
text: A SUDDEN FLASH OF LIGHT
dialog: Lightning? No. Lightning is not red.
text: Sabertooth looks around, puzzled, then down at Logan's
text: motionless body. Then to his feet where a hole in the ices
text: spouts bubbling water.
text: The wind blows so violently now that he nearly misses two
text: figures standing only a few yards away - mere silhouettes in
text: the icy haze.
text: A closer look tell us it is a man and a woman, THEY WEAR
text: STRANGE UNIFORMS of form-fitting material - the man wears a
text: reflective visor that hides his eyes. The woman's face is
text: bare, revealing dark skin and penetrating eyes.
text: ANOTHER FLASH - one that seems to come from the visor itself.
text: An intense beam of red light. Sabertooth looks down and sees
text: the ice at his feet has melted - more accurately been melted
dialog: away.
text: Be plunges through the ice like a mark in a carnival dunking
text: tank. The more he claws at the edges f the hole, the more the
text: flashes of li-jht make the hole t ger. Hi* massive weight and
text: hairy coat quickly suck him down.
text: The TWO FIGURES - CYCLOPS AMD STORM - obviously two of the
dialog: children we saw earlier now grown - stand over the whole and
text: calmly watch Sabertooth gather himself and swim back to the
dialog: surface.
dialog: 17.
text: Storm looks down at the hole, concentrating her intense gaze.
text: The wind whips further, and her skin dimples with goosebumps
text: as the temperature drops and the water in the hole begins to
dialog: freeze.
text: Sabertooth manages to smash through and again, Cyclops fires
text: a beam of light to rob him of an edge to grab on to.
text: Storn then further forces the temperature down, freezing the
text: ice thick and thicker.
speaker_heading: UHDER THE ICE
text: Sabertooth pounds violently as the ice above him drives him
text: further and further down, becoming more and more a wall
text: between him and his prey.
text: Finally, he wisely concedes.
text: With one last look at the two mysterious figures now nearly
text: obscured by the ice, he tuns his body and swims away with the
dialog: same agility he had on land.
speaker_heading: ABOVE ICE
text: THE SNOW AND WIND ARE NOW VIOLENTLY RAGING
text: Cyclops and Storm walk over to Logan and look down at him
text: curiously, observing the metallic claws that seem to grow out
text: of his flesh. More puzzling is the way in which they retract,
text: vanishing into holes in his flesh which heal as quickly as
text: the wound in Sabertooth's side.
speaker_heading: LOGAN'S P.O.V.
text: They look at one another, wondering. Logan's eyes begin to
text: close as they obscure the last of all perceptible detail.
speaker_heading: FROM WHITE
speaker_heading: TO BLACK
text: A LONG AND PEACEFUL BLACKNESS
text: Finally giving way to white - a slice across the middle which
text: widens and finds some clarity
scene_heading: ZHT. LABORATORY - OAT
text: Logan slowly opens his eyes and winces at the assault of
text: white light.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: LOGAN'S P.O.V.
text: A simple, white, acoustic tile ceiling with -soft white
text: fluorescent lights. As he gains more focus, a woman's face
text: comes into view, seeming to hover above him.
text: It is Jean Grey, inspecting him more than looking.
text: Then another face. This one on the front of a shiny, bald
text: head. PROFESSOR XAVIER as we will learn. An intense and
text: intelligent man just to look at him.
text: Finally, from the top of the frame comes another head. This
text: one covered with hair. In fact, this thing is covered
text: entirely in hair. All of it blue. If not for the small
text: glasses on its face, we might think it was a grizzly with a
dialog: die job. This is BEAST. What else are you going to call him?
text: Logan looks to Jean and Xavier, still groggy.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Am I dead?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
text: Miraculously, no.
dialog: Clearly no the answer he wanted.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Well, there's always tomorrow.
text: Jean and Xavier glance at one another.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who... who are you?
text: Xavier holds up a set of dog tags on a chain.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Whose are these? A relative? Your
dialog: grandfather perhaps?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Mine.
dialog: (Looks at Beast, realizing)
dialog: What are you?
text: Beast takes no offense. Be simply grunts and smiles, Xavier
text: looks at the dog tags, puzzled.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where am I?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: XAVIER '
dialog: Sleep, Logan.
dialog: And he does.
scene_heading: IMT. LABORATORY - LATER
text: Beast and Jean Grey wear Surgical scrub suits, gloves and
dialog: masks.
text: Logan is on a flatbed x-ray, the red, lighted crosshairs
text: beading in between his eyes as images are taken over and
dialog: over.
text: Jean Grey looks down and sees Logan's hand pulsating in much
text: the way it was before. Suddenly, the skin parts and the
text: steely claws come slowly out and then retract.
text: She looks up at Beast who is already looking at them, amazed.
text: When the claws retract entirely, the skin heals quickly.
text: Beast lets out a "hmph" of interest and picks up a scalpel.
text: He makes a tiny incision on Logan's arm which heals as fast
text: as the blade can cut. Then he makes a deeper one, longer, and
text: again until he is making a cut six inches long and a full
text: inch into the muscle.
text: It heals in seconds.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - LATER
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP ON:
text: Logan's hand. A claw involuntarily emerges.
text: A VICE GRIP comes into frame and quickly grabs it, guiding it
text: to a voce and clamping it there. Beast turns the crank with
text: all his strength to hold the claw fast.
text: PULL OUT TO REVEAL:
text: Jean Gray rolls in platform work bench with an adjustable
text: drill. She wears thick safety goggles.
text: They bring the carbide tip down and start to grind away at
text: the claw. The drill heats accelerates, then snaps.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Beast covers his face with a welding visor and ignites a blow
text: torch. He gives the claw a good twenty seconds of intense
text: acetylene before he stops.
dialog: 20.
text: He takes a gloved finger and touches the blackened metal. The
text: scoring wipes away to reveal the unblemished metal.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Jean and Beast now staxid back in a corner of the room behind
text: Scott Summers (Cyclops), no longer in the uniform we first
text: saw him in, but workout sweats. The visor seems to be a
dialog: staple, even when casual.
text: He looks at Logan in the far corner of the room and focuses
text: on the claws.
text: AN INTENSE READ BEAM IF ENERGY shoots from the visor and
text: blasts away at the claws. - this time longer than the blow
dialog: torch and the drill combined.
text: No damage. Not even a scratch.
text: Curious, he looks over to the wall, REVEALING FULL BODY X--
text: RAYS . Push in until we start to see details of the full
text: skeleton - obviously Logan's, betrayed by the claws along the
dialog: forearm.
text: It is clear the skeleton is not normal. Only merely human in
dialog: its form.
scene_heading: INT. ZAVIER'S OPPICE
text: For the first time we see him full frame and realize Xavier
text: is in a wheelchair.
text: He sits at his desk, puzzling over the dog tags that Logan
dialog: claimed were his.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP ON:
text: The dog tags.
text: Nothing odd about them at a glance. Military dog tags,
text: weathered and beaten, but certainly plain.
dialog: Canadian Military, Logan's name, rank and serial, number. The
dialog: odd thing is the date of birth.
dialog: 12/4/-- No year.
text: His thumb feels the indentation of the word at the bottom of
text: the tag that does not seem to fit here.
speaker_heading: WOLVERINE.
text: Jean knocks on a door before entering.
dialog: 21.
text: Xavier looks up from behind his desk and waits.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I think it's time to rewrite the periodic
dialog: table.
scene_heading: IHT. CAVERNOUS ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP ON:
text: The Periodic Table of Elements. A chart made up of blacks
text: depicting the elements and their chemical symbols.Among the
dialog: standards like Gold (Au) and Iron (I) and Oxygen (02) is a
text: new square on simple red construction paper tacked to the
dialog: top.
text: It contains simply a large letter "A".
text: TRACKING SHOT THROUGH:
dialog: We are in a laboratory of sorts, quite different from the one
dialog: we just left.
text: MORTIMER TOYNBEE, a dim, loyal thug whose agile leaping
dialog: ability, and superhuman strength have earned him the name
text: TOAD, lazily reads the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue. His
text: long tongue shoots out — zip — and turns the page.
text: Across the room, JOHN ALLERDYCE, a wiry, red head whose
dialog: ability to control fire with his fingers has earned him the
text: name PYRO, is watching TV as he casually weaves a lighted
text: match in and out of his fingers like a magician manipulating
dialog: a coin.
text: They are a bestial and sinister bunch. In the corner we see
text: BLOB, no explanation needed, devouring a BUCKET of cereal,
text: precariously balanced on his huge belly. All of-them sit
dialog: within sight of:
speaker_heading: A MACHINE
text: A fantastic device which occupies a hallowed space in his
text: lab. It is meticulously designed, and, with its intricate
text: circuitry, wires, and power boards, it resembles most closely
dialog: (and only resembles, because, truly it's like nothing we've
text: ever seen before) a combination of a microwave oven and a
text: fantastic light source — only far sore dark and foreboding.
text: They all watch the television. CNN in fact.
dialog: 22.
text: The image on the screen is a helicopter shot of ELLIS ISLAND,
text: with Liberty island and the famous Statue in the background.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (0.S.)
dialog: After years of tension and criticism of
dialog: U.S Policies from abroad, preparations
dialog: are nearly completed tor the upcoming
dialog: fiftieth anniversary gala celebrating the
dialog: formation of the United Nations. With
dialog: nearly every invitation confirmed and
dialog: more coming every hour, the occasion
dialog: promises to be the largest single
dialog: gathering of world leaders, if not the
dialog: first ever in history. Truly an
dialog: achievement for the President who has
dialog: made it his administration's agenda to
dialog: firm foreign relations. The Celebration
dialog: will be held on Ellis Island - a symbolic
dialog: gesture from the President who welcomes
dialog: the nations of the world to a more open
dialog: and accepting United States than in
dialog: recent years.
text: Blob belches his skepticism deafeningly and the others laugh.
text: TRACK FURTHER THROUGH THE LAIR AND OUT THE DOOR as the
text: Newscast drones on. Through subterranean corridors (of
dialog: course) and past dozens of projects that share some
dialog: similarity to the machine we have seen, including crude
dialog: designs that have been rejected or stripped of their good
dialog: ideas.
text: FAINTLY, we become aware of a clicking sound. Almost like a
text: stopwatch very far away, always growing louder.
text: The newscast has faded and another voice is getting closer
text: from somewhere down the hall.
text: Sabertooth emerges around a corner headed toward us, turning
dialog: just as we get to him.
text: The clicking is loud and clear now and the sound of the voice
text: is familiar, it is the voice of Professor Xavier.
speaker_heading: XAIVER
dialog: (on t.v.)
dialog: ...merely as a means of helping those
dialog: with these rare and wonderful gifts to
dialog: learn more about their abilities that
dialog: they may control them and use then for
dialog: the betterment of all mankind.
dialog: 23.
text: Sabertooth enters an office and we follow him. Seated at a
text: desk in the center of the room is MAX LENSHERR- - age -
text: somewhere after sixty, but strong and vital for his years. Be
dialog: is more of ten called MAGNETO.
text: Xavier is on the television beside him and he seems to be
text: watching it with vague interest. He has heard it all before.
text: In fact, the graphic in the corner reads.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (O.S.)
dialog: But some have said you are training a
text: race of superhumans. indoctrinating the
dialog: genetically enhanced into some strange
dialog: cult.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: (talking to t.v.)
dialog: It's called the fellowship of man and
dialog: it's worse than a cult. It's a growing
dialog: concern.
text: The clicking is from the sound of an executive pendulum
text: thingy on his desk. The six steel balls that bang onto one
text: another from string supports in formation depending on how
text: many are let to fly from either end. One ball strikes one
text: end, one ball swings out from the other. Two balls and two
dialog: and so on.
text: Slight difference. The formations change with every strike,
dialog: defying physics. Oh, and there are no strings supporting the
text: balls, thus defying gravity.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: (on television)
dialog: I can assure you, the only idea I am
dialog: putting into their heads is the
dialog: fellowship of man.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Ah ha, you see? Xavier, you bullet-head,
dialog: you haven't changed.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: The opposing view on the topic of Mutant
dialog: registration is Senator Scott Frank
dialog: Kelly, of Florida, who claims to support
dialog: the constitutional rights of the
dialog: genetically enhanced, but whose crusade
dialog: to register mutants is gaining
dialog: popularity.
dialog: 24,
text: Now Kelly is on the screen, a graphic reading FRIDAY. Magneto
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: And look at this one.
text: When Sabertooth clears his throat, the balls instantly freeze
text: and hover there.
text: The volume on the television drops, though no remote is in
dialog: sight.
text: He notices Sabertooth's apparent exhaustion, his torn
text: clothing, including the slashes in his side. His look asks
dialog: "what happened?"
speaker_heading: SABERTOOTH
dialog: I lost him.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: SABERTOOTH
dialog: They were there. They knew.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Do they have him?
text: Sabertooth nods, frustrated. Magneto thinks for a moment,
text: sharing the frustration. He reaches over and picks up a small
dialog: vial.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
text: The hard way. Page one. As he turns up
text: the television, and again, we don't see
text: how, he fiddles with the vial in his
text: hands, thinking.
text: Kelly is on the screen giving good face.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: it' s not the mutants per se that I
dialog: have a problem with.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: They, like any minority, have fears and
dialog: desires like normal people. Bat, it's
dialog: when their fears are exploited by
dialog: subversives like this Xavier character.
dialog: -And mark my words if the President isn't
dialog: strong enough to do...what needs to be
dialog: done...
dialog: 25.
text: As the Senator continues we PULL BACK and see Magneto
text: watching this. He begins speaking over Kelly's diatribe.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: And you may mark my words, Senator Scott
dialog: Frank Kelly. All your plotting, all your
dialog: hatred. I have plans for you... I have
dialog: seen your kind before. I've seen you
dialog: come, and I will see you go.
text: Magneto holds up the vial with the tiny piece of shiny metal.
text: AS he does, we see THE RED SERIAL NUMBERS TATTOOED ON HIS
speaker_heading: ARM.
text: PAN OVER TO A BULLETIN BOARD on the wall beside him.
text: TO a periodic table, smaller than the first.
text: But still with that red square and the added letter "A".
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DAY
text: Logan, looking better, sitting up. Xavier sitting beside his
text: bed. Jean Grey at the floor, looking at his chart.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Adamantium... Until today it was thought
text: to be a myth. Impenetrable, unbendable,
dialog: resistant to the most extreme heat, cold,
text: pressure and stress. Virtually
text: indestructible. The strongest metal on
dialog: Earth.
text: Just then, a spoon creeps in to frame toward's Logan's mouth
text: with a dollop of food on the end. Logan recoils and brushes
text: the spoon away. The hand on the other end is covered in blue
text: hair. All eyes look to Beast, who stands timidly with a tray
dialog: of vegetables.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: For strength. It's good for you.
text: Logan takes the tray from him and feeds himself. Beast takes
text: a place next to Jean.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
text: The adamantium has somehow been grafted
dialog: to your bones. Your entire skeleton is
text: coated with it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: I am assuming your unnatural ability to
dialog: heal makes this possible. It also makes
dialog: you virtually unstoppable. Your metal
dialog: skeleton may also explain why I am having
dialog: difficulty reading your mind.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Surely you didn't think you were the only
dialog: one with... talents, Mr. Logan.
text: He looks at Beast and Jean.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Well I'm sure Babe the Blue Oaf here can
dialog: make a mean strudel, what can the betty
text: Logan freezes as all of the vegetables on his plate levitate
text: and hover in the air above him.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Make you wear your lunch.
text: Logan nods, conceding.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Gotcha.
text: The vegetables settle carefully back in place and he
text: continues eating.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: How did the adamantium get into your
dialog: body? Was it the military?
text: He points to Logan's dogtags. Logan pulls away.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: How long has it been there?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: 1 don't know.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: How old are you?
text: Logan is clearly becoming agitated.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I don' t know.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: You mean to tell me -
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I DON'T KNOW, who are you people? Where
dialog: am I? What is this place and why am I
dialog: here?
text: Xavier wisely decides to ease up.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: All in time. In a matter in which you can
dialog: digest. In the meantime, we would like to
dialog: invite you to stay here as our guest. You
dialog: are free to go anywhere -
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: To leave?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I wouldn't do that.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: You've suffered serious internal damage -
dialog: even with your ability to heal -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Why was that thing out there chasing
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Hey, you know what? I have a great idea.
dialog: I don't need any of my questions answered
dialog: and you get me some pants.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER
text: Beast watched Logan finish eating through a tiny window on
text: the door to his room. Xavier and Jean talk in a whisper, well
text: out of earshot.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: ...that is completely unacceptable.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: That is not who we are, Jean. If he wants
dialog: to leave, so be it. All we can do is
dialog: encourage him to stay.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: We don't know who he is, what they were
dialog: doing out there. For all we know he was
dialog: working with Magneto. If that's the case
text: then he has already seen too much.
text: Logan's voice echoes from the other room, through the wall.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0O.S.)
dialog: I haven't seen anything but the ceiling
dialog: in this place and I've never heard of
dialog: "Magneto." Don't any of you guys have
dialog: names like Bob?
text: The two of them look at one another, amazed that he could
dialog: have heard them from that distance through that wall.
text: Xavier whispers.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Perhaps you would like a tour of the
dialog: institute?
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0O.S.)
dialog: Delighted. Now can I please have some
dialog: pants?
text: Xavier looks at Jean and Beast - this time we hear his voice,
text: but his lips never move. He is speaking telepathically.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (V.O)
dialog: While I entertain Mr. Logan, perhaps you
dialog: and Beast can see what you can find out.
text: Jean nods and leaves with Beast.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (0O.S.)
dialog: And I am a boxer guy, if anyone is
dialog: asking.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS - LATER
text: Logan is clearly uncomfortably, antsy, ready to leave. He
text: looks around at what seems to be a prep school, set ina
text: large pre-war mansion on a large and well kept estate.
text: A soccer game is going on in the background.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: The sidelines of said soccer game.
dialog: 29.
text: A young girl sits all alone at the edge of the field. Her
text: eyes are deep and sad and her general attitude is not much
text: better. She is not watching the game, however.
text: Her name is ROGUE, and we will meet her later. She wears an
text: outfit that seems to swath her entire body like a cocoon in
text: thick layers despite the warm weather. Her neck and even her
text: hands are covered. All but her face.
text: From wear she sits, she watches Logan and Xavier with great
text: interest. Finally she stands and walks toward them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So all these kids are...
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Mutants? Like you? All alike, and all
dialog: very unique. The rarest cases from all
dialog: over the globe. Ahh, Scott... Storm.
text: Logan looks ahead and sees Cyclops and STORM, the two that
text: saved him from certain mutilation in Alaska. They are both
dialog: dressed in those sweats that Scott was wearing before and
text: they both look as though they have just come from the gym.
text: Scott's visor does not hide his scrutinous assessment of
text: Logan. Storm is more forgiving.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: He's looking well.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Did they sew it back on right?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I believe you have already met Scott and
dialog: Ororo.
text: Logan mocks deep thought. Then he points to Storm, then
dialog: Cyclops.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm gonna guess they call you.... Snow
dialog: Job and you're.... Pink eye.
text: They both look blankly at Xavier.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
text: Logan is just catching up.
text: They nod and walk away, unamused.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Bow did they find me, anyway?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I make it my primary interest to find the
dialog: mutants with the most extraordinary
dialog: powers. The best potential. We've been
dialog: tracking you for some time.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Impossible. I would have known.
text: Xavier taps a finger to his temple.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: The mind leaves no tracks/ breaks no
dialog: branches.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why then? What for?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Our primary goal here is to allow those
dialog: with more extreme mutations to learn in
dialog: an environment with some sense of
dialog: normality. A place where they will not be
text: treated as freaks and outcasts.
text: As he says this, one of the kids on the soccer field
text: STRETCHES some twenty feet with one leg and oversteps a
text: sacking. Neither Logan or Xavier sees it.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Until recently, we were a well-kept
dialog: secret for the safety of the children as
dialog: well as the courtesy of the surrounding
dialog: residents. No one wanted this to be a
dialog: tourist stop - people coming to get a
dialog: glimpse of...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: The Uncanny Guava-man and his sidekick
dialog: Flipper Boy?
text: Xavier smiles politely. He is far to wise to take offense.
speaker_heading: PAUSE.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Your humor has the ring of a defense, Mr.
dialog: Logan. I have to wonder if you have ever
dialog: been open to anything in your life.
text: Logan is serious now.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Once or twice.
text: Now they head down a path along the side of the school lined
text: with shade trees. It is quiet here.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: If I nay be so bold, I don't need my
dialog: abilities to tell me you're in pain. That
dialog: you are running from something - from
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Is this where I tell you you wouldn't
dialog: like me when I am angry?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I would like to help you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I've heard that before.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I ama little different from what you are
dialog: used to.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I have no doubt. And I appreciate what
dialog: you did for me. But I get the feeling
dialog: that the favor wasn't free and I can tell
dialog: you right now, I didn't ask, so don't ask
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: We want nothing from you, Logan.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sure you do. You want to know why that
dialog: thing was chasing me.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: He is called Sabertooth.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Imagine that.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Have you seen him before.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Too many times.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
dialog: And this tine he nearly had you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: He's nearly had me before.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: And haven't you ever wondered why?
text: Logan grows grim.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What difference does it make. I have it
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: What is it you have done that makes you
dialog: say that?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: When can I leave?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Any time you wish.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Now, would be great.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: (pointing)
text: The front gate is that way.
text: Logan walks away and out of frame. Xavier sits, watching him
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: LONG PAUSE.
text: Logan comes back, fuming.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You got a lot of nerve, pal, picking
text: around my insides, spooking up my
dialog: tailpipe with your... voodoo whatever. I
dialog: didn/.t ask for your help. I got no one,
dialog: don't want no one, not gonna have no one
dialog: and was happy being no one.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I was two thousand miles from the heart
dialog: of nowhere and next thing I know I wake
dialog: up in the Uncle Fester school for the
text: creepy with a cue ball brain cropper
dialog: telling me about my pain. My pain. My
dialog: head is ay wallet, pal. Keep your hands
dialog: off.
text: Be walks away again, coming back faster this time.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is grotesque what you're doing, you
dialog: know that? You really think you're
dialog: helping these kids? There is a real world
text: out there filled with people just waiting
dialog: for an enemy to make a "them* for them to
dialog: "us" about. What happens when these kids
dialog: get out there? How do you prepare them
dialog: then? Tney'1l all come back running to
dialog: you, man. They'll run screaming.
text: He is off again. Xavier has not moved this entire time. Logan
text: returns, walking slow, energy gone. Be is holding his side in
text: agony. Bis breathing is heavy.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That thing tore up my insides.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Lunch?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sounds good.
text: Xavier leads the way. Before he follows, Logan looks down the
text: path of trees.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You can come out now.
text: And he is gone.
speaker_heading: LONG PAUSE.
text: From behind one of the trees, Rogue emerges, clearly
text: galvanized by what Logan was saying.
scene_heading: INT. WHITIE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - DAY
text: Guyrich and Kelly in front of the man himself. If he is in
text: the chair, he must be THE PRESIDENT.
text: Xavier is on the television in the same interview that
text: Magento was watching.
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
dialog: (on television)
dialog: I can assure you, the only idea I am
dialog: putting into their heads is the
dialog: fellowship of nan.
text: Kelly shuts it off.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm telling you, Dick, this guy is up to
dialog: no good.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: We don't really know that.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: It's people like you that didn't know
dialog: what Hitler was really up to when he
dialog: marched into the Rhineland and built his
dialog: war machine.
dialog: 34.
text: The President takes pause at Guyrich's comment, deciding to
dialog: ignore it.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I'm all for some kind of investigation
dialog: here. But we -
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What do you think we have been doing for
dialog: the past three years. Bow much more
dialog: information do you need?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I just don't see it. This threat you keep
dialog: talking about. I mean sure, they exist,
text: no one is disputing that, intellectually,
dialog: I understand you, but the American people
dialog: are not going to see it like you and I
dialog: do. We're talking about one tenth of one
dialog: tenth of one tenth of the world's
dialog: population here.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: So you won't miss their votes.
text: The President cocks his head to Kelly.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Scott, you really have to get rid of this
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You gotta see what these freaks can do,
dialog: Dick. This isn't bending tablespoons or
text: levitating a chick in a tight nightie.
dialog: These guys mean business. You gotta know
dialog: where they are.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I have a little thing in my way called
dialog: the Constitution. You might have heard of
dialog: it. It's what keeps people from calling
dialog: me "king."
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: You know we can take this to the speaker -
speaker_heading: PRESIDFKT
dialog: And what, Mr. Guyrich? And what? You want
dialog: this to be a line item on some
dialog: environmental bill, you go right ahead.
dialog: You go up against me on this and I'll see
dialog: you can't get a job as a lobbyist for the
dialog: guys who sell plastic vomit. What is
dialog: this? Who do you think you are?
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: You're not as powerful as you think you
dialog: are, Mr. President. The day will come
dialog: when —
text: Even Kelly cannot believe his ears.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jesus -
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: You finish that sentence. Mr. Guyrich. Go
dialog: on.
text: But Guyrich is quiet.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought so. Gentlemen, I am franticly
dialog: preparing myself for the largest single
dialog: summit in the history of the planet and I
dialog: haven't the time nor the inclination to
dialog: sit here and listen to two yahoos tell me
dialog: that the end of the world is coming in
dialog: the shape of some fifteen year old kid
text: from Iowa with bug eyes and big feet.
dialog: You've got a storm in a teacup here and I
dialog: will have not one more word said about
dialog: it.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: And until a Mutant takes a shot at me
dialog: personally/ I swear to you, they are as
dialog: free as sweat on the equator to do as
dialog: they please. Good day.
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE - LATER
text: Kelly and Guyrich climb into the lino and slump back in their
dialog: seats.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Christ sake, what were you trying to do
dialog: to me in there?
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: Someone needed to say something.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It's the President of the United States.
dialog: You were threatening the President.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: It's not him... it's what he represents.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Well do me a favor in the future. Save it
dialog: for the Speaker...
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: Where to?
text: Kelly rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Home.
text: Guyrich leans forward to address the driver.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: Dulles Airport.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - LATER
text: The usual racket made by a hundred school kids at lunch time.
text: Logan can make out Cyclops, Storm, Beast and Jean among the
dialog: kids eating here.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I am not a naive man, Logan. I accept
dialog: that life can be cruel. But it is not as
dialog: much for their safety that we are here as
dialog: for the outside world.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of these children have potentially
dialog: dangerous abilities.
text: Logan is looking across the room at Jean and Cyclops,
dialog: 37.
dialog: waiting
text: on line for food. They laugh at some joke and then kiss
text: tenderly. The look on his face betrays a loneliness,
text: jealousy not of Cyclops, but of them both.
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
dialog: If they were not educated as to how to
dialog: control them, they could hurt someone...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You don't have to tell me.
text: He shakes himself free of the loving couple and looks
text: finding Rogue eating alone, away from all the others.
text: jreals a glance at him and hides her face.
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
dialog: We are a minority like any other. Only in
text: this instance, there is a justified fear.
dialog: A rational and very real threat. I am
dialog: sure you have seen what unfocused
dialog: prejudice can do. Imagine if the enemy
dialog: were clearer.
dialog: away,
dialog: She
text: Logan nods, his eyes betraying a lifetime of being that
dialog: enemy.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: You should stay here with us. If only
dialog: until you completely recover. If after a
dialog: week you don't feel at home, I'll take
dialog: you back to Alaska myself.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: He'll come here... that thing... looking
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Sabertooth?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'll protect you. As long as you're with
dialog: me, you'll be safe.
text: Logan laughs.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Hey, I'm sorry, pops. I don't mean to be
dialog: the hammer here, but look at you. You're
text: an old man in a wheelchair. What could
dialog: you do to that thing that I -
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: The room with all of its eating, chatting children has fallen
text: completely quiet.
text: Logan looks around the room and sees that literally every
text: child is frozen in time. Some with food half-chewed in their
text: open mouths, others with laughs frozen on their faces.
text: It is motionless.
text: Except for Storm, Cyclops, Beast and Jean and Rogue. They
text: turn around and look at Logan and Xavier as if this display
dialog: of mental power is nothing unusual.
text: Logan looks down at Xavier now, who holds a finger in the air
text: as if making a point. He is.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Never underestimate the mind for the man.
text: And he lowers his hand.
text: And the lunch resumes - the children never knowing what
text: happened. And for the first time, Logan is speechless.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH -DAT
text: A large, gym-like structure used for TRAINING.
dialog: (*Note: this is not your typical "firing range." It's a range
dialog: designed for people with mutations ranging the entire
text: spectrum. It is colorful, strangely shaoed, full of objects
dialog: the likes of which we've never seen.)
text: Outside is a CONTROL ROOM where Jean Grey sits manipulating
text: the various exercises of the DANGER ROOM from a control
dialog: panel.
text: CYCLOPS is inside, working on controlling the laser-like BEAM
text: that emerges from behind his visor. He fires at various ODD-
text: SHAPED OBJECTS that dart across the room.
text: He wears specially-made padding: training gear that resembles
dialog: well-worn versions of what we'll later come to know as their
dialog: trademark uniforms.
text: Logan watches Cyclops a thick PLEXIGLAS WINDOW which divides
text: the room from the control room.
text: Logan and Xavier enter, watching the exercise.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just a school?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: (smiling)
text: With a very advanced athletic program.
dialog: The younger students call this the
dialog: "Danger Room." I thought you might like
dialog: to try it eventually. Help you build you
dialog: strength.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And prepare me for the day I must face a
text: flying shape.
text: Behind them, we notice Rogue in the hallway, watching.
text: Cyclops glances at Logan. Then, an ODDLY-SHAPED OBJECT shoots
text: from the back of the room right towards the front... and —
text: just as it almost hits Cyclops — he BLASTS IT APART with the
text: laser-like beam which emerges from his visor.
text: The debris falls through a vent on the floor.
text: Cyclops exits the floor and enter the control room.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice... eye.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Nice hair.
text: Jean laughs.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: Danger Room)
dialog: Wanna give it a shot?
speaker_heading: XAVIER -
dialog: Perhaps you should wait until you're
dialog: feeling -
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'd love to.
text: Logan looks at the room. Nods - piece of cake. H* ushers
text: Cyclops aside. Cyclops motions to the rack of UNIFORMS
text: hanging along the wall.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: You might want to -
text: Logan shakes his head and enters the danger room.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM
text: Logan stands in the center of the room, taking a look around
text: and getting familiar with his surroundings.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: Cyclops and Xavier watch from behind the thick Plexiglas.
text: Jean hits a lever on the control panel.
text: The first object SHOOTS out of the wall.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM
text: Logan ducks, bending backwards like a batter from an inside
dialog: pitch.
text: Logan turns to the control room and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: The shape smashes hard but harmlessly into the Plexiglas
text: window. no one in the booth is fazed.
text: Jean takes the lever up another notch. Cyclops smiles. Xavier
dialog: remains concerned.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM
text: A hole in the wall opens. Logan again hears it coming and
text: turns to face it.
text: Another object shoots out at him and he EXTENDS HIS CLAWS,
text: SPEARING IT.
text: He turns back to the control room and retracts his claws with
text: the object impaled on them. It falls away.
text: Another object fires, claws extend, slicing it in two. Then
text: another, then another. The first is smashed, the second is
text: speared. As yet another object comes at him, he throws the
text: one he has just spiked into the latest flying object and the
text: two smash in midair.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Rogue smiles to herself.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: Cyclops leans into the mic that is connected to the P.A. in
dialog: the Danger room.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: You really might want to wear some gear.
text: Logan turns to face him, holding up his hand as his claws
dialog: retract, we cannot help but notice that the middle claw
text: lingers in a familiar sign of defiance.
text: Cyclops leans in and whispers to Jean. She pushes the lever a
dialog: little higher.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM
text: Logan sees this and scowls.
text: Two objects come at him from opposite directions. Be crosses
text: his arms and smashes them both.
text: Now an array of multi-shaped and multi-colored objects emerge
text: from the wall and shoot toward him. Logan jumps over one,
text: smashes the second and/ with a twist and a half-pike, nails
dialog: the third.
text: Logan's breathing is getting heavier. Not exhausted... angry.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: Xavier is watching this with growing interest, seeing
text: something new in Logan's features.
text: Another object comes at him and he destroys it, but now with
text: a venom. No longer playing.
text: Cyclops leans forward and hits the lever, driving it to its
text: highest level. Jean shoots him a look.
dialog: Now, suddenly --
text: The FLOOR FALLS OUT BELOW LOGAN... and HE DROPS THROUGH. Then
text: a powerful STREAM OF AIR shoots up through the opening...
dialog: and...
text: ...Logan rises back up into the room, off balance, in the
text: continuous flood of air. He ducks and rolls, swinging wildly
text: as he tries to maintain a kind of equilibrium in the air —
text: more fireballs shoot toward him — He deflects one, but the
text: other ignites his clothes.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: Cyclops smiles. Hot shot ain't so hot after all.
text: But something is wrong — Jean senses it — she leans closer to
dialog: the Piexiglas, concerned —
dialog: 42.
text: Logan starts to breathe heavily as he swings wildly, out of
text: control in frustration. The hair on his body stands on end.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Professor...
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: My God...
text: Logan spins madly, and SUDDENLY EXPLODES INTO:
text: A BERSERKER RAGE.
text: This is an absolutely PRIMAL RAMPAGE — it is UTTERLY FERAL -
dialog: BLIND FURY — unlike anything «e have ever seen in its
scene_heading: INARTICULATE VIOLENCE.
text: Logan SLASHES AT EVERYTHING IN SIGHT - cutting his own
dialog: clothing - then himself.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Rogue reacts, frightened.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
text: Xavier, horrified, yanks the lever down — OFF. He hits two ~"
dialog: more buttons.
text: The floor closes. Extinguishers from the ceiling shower down
text: and extinguishes Logan's burning clothes.
text: Logan hits the floor. But he's still moving. Xavier shoots an
text: adnonishing look at Cyclops.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM
text: Logan furiously lunges around the room.
text: His claws rake along the padded wall, shredding it.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM CONTROL BOOTH
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You'd better bring him down.
text: Now Xavier focuses his sights on Logan and USING TELEPATHY,
text: XAVIER, literally, TRIES TO SHOT LOGAN DOWN.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: T..... can't.
dialog: 43.
text: Logan spins to glare at Cyclops ~ who is stunned by the wild
text: display ~ and Logan's blind rage is suddenly transferred to
text: Cyclops. HE STARTS TOWARD HIM, heading right for the
text: Plexiglas. Cyclops backs up, his fighting visor glowing red.
text: Logan lunges with his claws, driving them through the
text: Plexiglas, inches from Cyclops's face.
text: Then it stops... Only the sound of Logan's intense breathing
text: as it wanes.
text: Logan yanks back his claws and they retract. He stands in the
text: middle of the Danger room, still trying to control himself.
text: Jean dares to walk in there with him. Cyclops goes to stop
text: her, but Xavier halts him with his hand.
text: Logan spins around and looks at Jean as she crosses th« room
text: to him. He crouches as though preparing for an attack - his
text: animal instinct taking over for the moment.
text: Slowly, his claws extend from his free hand. The others still
text: remain locked in the glass, pointed at Cyclops.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
speaker_heading: JEAN.
text: Jean never takes her eyes off of Logan.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I'm alright.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: This is not where I am supposed to be.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: This is where you belong.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: She said the same thing to me...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Who?
text: She is getting closer now.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It doesn't matter... She's gone - Get
dialog: away from me.
text: He raises his claws to protect himself.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Hurting me will only make it worse,
dialog: Logan.
text: Logan struggles, muscles straining as though unable to move
dialog: of his own free will.
text: Now Jean is within reach, the claws mere inches from her
text: throat. She moves toward them, closer... closer... until...
text: They retract, slowly, reluctantly, easing back into his body.
text: Resigning.
text: Cyclops watches this with obvious concern and mixed emotion.
text: Then she touches his hand and he crumbles.
text: Jean catches him and helps his exhausted body to the floor.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You should have left me. I could have
dialog: died then.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Rogue stands hidden in the shadows, having seen the whole
text: exchange. Moved and torn as to what to do, she hurries away.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - EVENING
text: A Helicopter streaks across the sky.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: Kelly sleeps fitfully in the large seat. A bump of turbulence
text: He wakes suddenly and looks out the window, seeing the ocean
text: Kelly looks out the window again and sees water. They are
text: flying low.
text: He looks at Guyrich who sleeps as well. He wakes him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Where the hell are we?
text: Guyrich looks out the window and looks at Kelly pazzled. He
text: stands and goes to the door to the cabin of the helicopter.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH
dialog: Pilot?
dialog: No answer.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: GUYRICH (CONT'D)
dialog: Pilot, what is this? PILOT?
text: Kelly looks out the window now and sees the helicopter is
dialog: closing in on an island- where is anyone's guess. What is
dialog: known is that the place is no pleasure resort.
text: It is in fact some sort of refurbished island fortress,
text: complete with turrets, built right into the side of the
dialog: cliffs.
scene_heading: EXT. UUTOIMG SIGHT
text: A clearing in the middle or a ring of trees at the base of a
text: rocky rise. The helicopter touches down.
text: THE PILOT, wrapped from head to toe in a flight suit and
text: helmet, gets out and opens the side door, exposing Kelly and
text: Guy rich to the intense wind of the rotors. They cover their
text: eyes, cowering.
speaker_heading: KELLY'S P.O.V.
text: Two figures come out of a hole in the mountain. One seems -
text: extremely larger than the other.
text: Guyrich and Kelly step out. As they get closer he can make
text: out Magneto and Sabertooth.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Dear God... Dear... God.
text: The Pilot removes his helmet to REVEAL:
text: Toad, smiling.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: Kelly is utterly confused. As Magneto nears, Guyrich steps
text: forward to greet him, putting his arms around Magneto's neck
text: and kissing him deeply. Then Magneto looks deep and loving
text: into Guyrich's eyes.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: It's always your type that has something
dialog: to hide.
text: And with that GUYRICH MORPHS into a beautiful woman who will
dialog: heretofore be known as Mystique. Her mutant power requires no
dialog: explanation.
dialog: 46.
text: Kelly, of course, is shocked. Mystique shows a little hip,
text: raising the waistline of her outfit mockingly, as the last of
dialog: what we thought was Guyrich slips underneath.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You... wha... who are you... Where is
dialog: Guyrich?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: He's been dead for some time, Senator.
dialog: Care to know how long? Or would you
dialog: rather not think about it.
dialog: Makes your skin crawl, doesn't it? Magneto shakes with a mock
dialog: case of the willies.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You bastards.. Who are you?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Who we are is not nearly as important as
dialog: what we are. Say, now that is a lovely
dialog: soundbite. Use it as your own. It'll come
dialog: in handy.
text: Toad and Blob grab the Senator as he runs back for the
text: Helicopter in vain.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: What we want is not nearly as important
dialog: as who we want. Ooo, I love this. I could
dialog: write a book of these.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Whatever you do to me... no matter what -
dialog: You'll make me right. Every word I have
dialog: spoken will be confirmed.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Gosh, I hope so.
text: As Kelly struggles against all hope.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: People like you are reason people like me
dialog: exist.
text: And with that, Mystique walks up.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: MYSTIQUE
dialog: And people like you are the reason I was
dialog: afraid to go to school.
text: WHACK - she strikes Kelly with enough force to:
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE - NIGHT
text: Kelly comes to.
text: Magneto walks past him, holding the vial we have seen him
text: with before. The vial with a tiny piece of Adamantium.
text: PULL OUT TO REVEAL:
text: Kelly is strapped to a metal chair, bound impossibly tight.
text: He watches as Magneto "levitates* the metal sliver and places
text: it inside a tube at the bottom of a large spire in the center
text: of the room some thirty feet high with a misshapen glass dome
text: at the top.
text: He walks toward the opposite side of the room and watches as
text: the sliver of metal floats to the top of the device, through
text: the shaft and into the glass dome above.
text: Inside the dome is a metal structure resembling the model of
text: an atom. It expands as it receives the sliver.
text: Magneto raises his arms, mostly for effect - having fun being
text: the conductor of his grandest experiment.
text: Kelly's eyes grew wide with fear as the me-cal begins to
text: glow. Dull at first... then brightly... too brightly.
text: The dome vanishes in a light so white, it defies description.
text: A light that seems to ooze rather than radiate. A light that
text: fills the room as it expands outward and engulfs everything
dialog: in sight.
text: It is liquid light. Creeping and unstoppable.
text: Kelly clenches his teeth as it washes over him. Magneto
text: raises his arms and revels in its overtaking him.
text: From outside the room, Toad and Sabertooth watch through the
text: window, it comes through, first casting its shadows darkly
text: against the wall, then erasing them as it swallows them - as
dialog: though they were never there.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: From under a door, the light leaks in, literally like water
text: in a sinking ship, filling the room.
text: All through the lair, airvents, keyholes, drainpipes and the
text: like, the liquid light fills the lair to the gills.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGNETO'S LAIR - MIGHT
text: THROUGH THE TURRET ATOP THE LAIR, the light beams up into the
text: night sky, shining like a beacon for miles.
text: Then the white light obscures all.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE
text: Kelly grits his teeth, barely visible in the whiteness.
text: Then it is gone. He hangs his head in exhaustion, a pink glow
text: to his skin, but otherwise seemingly untouched.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Rogue. The waif is h young thing who hides so well in the
text: shadows seems more comfortable to be moving through the
dialog: mansion at night.
text: She passes through halls and rooms not making a sound in her
text: strangely-swathed bodysuit.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: She creaks a door open slowly, letting a shaft of dim light
dialog: slice the darkness.
text: She walks in to a figure laying in bed and stands over him.
text: Over Logan.
text: He lays under a single sheet, sweating, his eyes moving
text: quickly this way and that in R.E.M. His hands twitch.
text: Rogue leans in closer, as though trying to see his thoughts.
text: PUSH IN ON LOGAN'S EYES AS THEY MOVE UNDER THE LIDS.
scene_heading: FLASH - DREAM SEQUENCE
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
dialog: Like none we have seen thus far. In fact, judging by most of
dialog: the instruments here, we are looking at a laboratory some
text: fifty years old.
dialog: 49.
text: Logan looks down and we can see his body, naked, strapped to
text: a tab.
text: A hand puts a mask over his mouth and -
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: For a moment...
text: He awakens,
scene_heading: STILL LOGAN'S P.O.V. -
text: He struggles weakly with restraints as doctors in lab coats
text: and thick, red rubber gloves stand over hia taking notes,
text: paying very little attention to him at all.
text: He looks to his right and sees some sort of device -A LONG
text: THICK CYLINDRICAL DEVICE that resembles some of the parts of
text: the machines we saw in Magneto's lair.
text: On the other side of the room is a huge vat filled with some
text: kind of molten metal. At the base of the vat is a small fork
text: with a piece of filament in it that seems to be the source of
text: heat for melting the metal in the vat.
text: AGAIN THE MASK PUTS HIM AND
text: Awake again, but this time sinking into water - restrained
dialog: completely now.
text: Logan looks down and gets only a glance of his body, seeing
text: that he is a series of incisions from head to toe - literally
text: split open - the flesh held back with hundreds ol clamps.
text: HE SINKS INTO THE STRANGE LIQUID - LIKE WATER, BUT THICK AND
speaker_heading: VISCOUS.
text: And the sound of a DROWNING SCREAM -
text: AND THE METAL IS POURED IN AFTER HIM.
text: THE SOUND OF MOLTEN METAL HITTING LIQUID IS UNNERVING. Mixed
text: with screams, it is unbearable.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
speaker_heading: SCREAMING
text: Logan's. Screaming as he comes to.
text: Logan's eyes FLASH OPEN. He looks up and sees a figure
text: looming over him. In a flash he reacts.
dialog: 50.
text: THUD. Nothing more. Then Silence.
text: The door bursts open and Beast stands in the doorway,
text: shocked. Frozen. Cyclops and Jean are next and Finally Xavier
text: and Storm. They can only stare.
text: Logan sits upright in bed, CLAWS EXTENDED, INTO ROGUE'S
text: CHEST. She is literally frozen on the end of his arm.
text: Finally, Cyclops breaks the silence and moves to grab her.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
text: DON'T TOUCH HER.
text: Cyclops freezes. Logan finally pulls the claws free and
text: retracts them. Rogue staggers, she pitches forward and
text: touches his face gently with her hands, as though he would
dialog: like to be the last thing she sees on this Earth.
text: Logan and Rogue, locked in a violent and fatal moment of
text: tenderness, sharing a look of loneliness that only they can
dialog: understand.
text: But Suddenly, Logan seems to change. He is in pain.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What is...
text: And Before he can for another word, he begins to tremble,
text: then he starts to howl in pain.
text: Rogue SNAPS BACK, mouth open in a gaping, silent scream. What
text: sound cozies out does not match the expression at all. Merely
text: a gasp, like steam escaping. Through the huge slash in her
text: clothes, we see the wound on her chest slowly vanish.
text: Before long, she transforms back into a healthy young girl
text: with no sign of injury.
text: Then, her breathing starts to accelerate, much in the way
text: Logan's did - too much like Logan's did. It is as if she has
text: taken on his trait of berserker rage. Soon she is smashing
text: things all around her. One hand rakes the wallpaper like
dialog: claws.
text: Finally, she gets a hold of herself, becoming the introverted
dialog: Rogue we all know so well.
text: Then she stands slowly, looks at the others who all look at
text: her in shock and surprise.
text: And she runs from the room.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: XAVIEP
dialog: Let her go.
text: And all eyes turn to Logan, who sits with his head in his
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: ZHT. CELL - LATEX
text: Kelly comes to with a start, his suit is rumpled and dirty,
text: showing signs that time has passed.
speaker_heading: KELLY'S P.O.V.
text: A television outside the cell is on to keep him occupied.
text: News coverage of the Ellis island summit.
text: He looks around to see he is in cell with no door, simply
text: bars that jut out of the stone floor and ceiling.
text: Only a sink a toilet and a stainless steel mirror are here as
text: comforts. Not even a bed.
text: Magneto is in the cell with him.
text: Just beyond the bars, he sees Sabertooth playing chess at a
text: small table. Kelly cannot believe the sight of the latter,
dialog: having never seen such an extreme mutation.
text: The pieces on the chess board are metal, and some invisible
text: force moves the pieces playing against Sabertooth. Certainly
dialog: this Magneto.
text: It is as though they do not notice him. Until he grabs his
text: belly and doubles over, groaning in pain. Magneto looks at
dialog: his watch.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: And how are we feeling, Senator?
dialog: Advanced, I hope.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What did you do to me..? OH GOD.
text: As Magneto studies his painful reaction.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Are you a "God-fearing man" Senator?
text: Kelly's reaction tells him he is certainly afraid of
dialog: something right now.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: I have always loved that term. As if
dialog: there were something to fear.
text: Kelly moans in crippling pain.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Interesting fellow, this God. The power
dialog: to drift a continent a few inches... drop
text: whole canyons a foot or two. Impressive,
dialog: wouldn't you say?
text: Magneto moves a pawn.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: But do you think that God Himself is ever
dialog: going to actually step in and do
dialog: something really, really scary? He's not,
dialog: Senator. You know why?
text: The Senator just glares. Magneto bears in:
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
text: He work, lowly.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Man, however, seem to have the ability to
text: make leaps and bounds in his apparent
text: absence. Punching holes in the ozone
dialog: melting the ice caps, and in all other
dialog: ways making the Earth a better place...
dialog: But for whom? For you, Senator? Not
dialog: likely. At least... not until now.
text: Kelly jolts from a new pain just coming in.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: But what if you could change - adapt to
dialog: your new environment. '
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What are you-—?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: What if you could breath pure carbon
dialog: monoxide, Senator? The kind your fellow
text: man is pumping straight into the
dialog: atmosphere as we speak? Fly above the
dialog: water that might one day cover the face
dialog: of the Earth, or swim faster than any
dialog: fish in the sea. What if your bones could
dialog: heal — quickly — immediately? What if you
dialog: could walk through walls?
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: If you could move things with your mind?
dialog: If you could read minds? WOULD YOUR
text: CONSIDER YOURSELF A FREAK OF NATURE,
speaker_heading: SENATOR?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Or would you just consider yourself
dialog: prepared... for the future?
text: Kelly winces from some terrible agony.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't fear God, Senator. And certainly -
dialog: most certainly...don't fear me.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm here to help you. You...the man who
dialog: represents everything I hate about the
dialog: Homo Sapien. Because I'm going to turn
dialog: you - and leaders like you - into us.
dialog: Believe it or not, you are a leader,
dialog: Senator Kelly. You set an example. For
dialog: others. And if more of you were like more
dialog: of, well, us... the world would be on the
dialog: way to becoming a much, much better
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to the future, brother.
text: And Kelly SCREAMS IN HORRIBLE PAIN.
text: The bars of the cell suddenly bend an make room for Magneto
dialog: to exit.
text: Then they bend closed behind him.
scene_heading: INT. XAVIER'S OFFICE
text: Logan sits in sweats now, much like the ones Cyclops and the
text: rest wear after the danger room. He hangs his head sullenly
text: as Xavier speaks.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Rogue came to us a few years ago. She was
text: formerly in the care of a mutant named
dialog: Max Lensherr. Have you ever heard of him?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: He's also known as Magneto?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: He is an old friend/ an old adversary. Be
text: heads a more radical cell of mutants bent
dialog: on domination rather than cohabitation. I
dialog: am fairly certain it is he who sent
dialog: Sabertooth to find you. For what I do not
dialog: know.
text: Logan shrugs.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Rogue was in love with him. But she was
text: outcast. Unable to serve him as he saw
dialog: fit. That is to say, she had a
dialog: conscience.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What happened to me in there?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Rogue's ability as a mutant is simply put
dialog: the power to take the abilities of other
dialog: mutants. Had she touched you much longer,
dialog: you would have been drained completely,
text: possibly killed. Her first, encounter
dialog: with this manifested itself during her
text: first kiss. The boy in question, not a
dialog: mutant, never recovered. Until tonight,
dialog: none of the others knew, except that they
dialog: were not to touch her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I am sure a man of your educatio.. has
dialog: heard of a girl named Pandora.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: You must understand, I have spent the
dialog: better part of my life teaching these
dialog: people to embrace what they have as a
dialog: gift rather than hide it like an
dialog: affliction. For some it has become their
dialog: identity. You mock the names these people
dialog: choose, but they wear them as badges of
dialog: pride in who they are against nearly
text: universal prejudice. And then, suddenly
text: in their midst is one of their own who
dialog: can t'ake all that away from them. Leave
dialog: them with nothing. She would have been an
text: outcast amongst the outcasts.
dialog: 54.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So what now? You're blaming me for -
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I think I will, yes. I think I will hold
dialog: you responsible enough to keep you here.
dialog: I'll make you a deal. You work with me
dialog: for an hour a day. We will try our best
dialog: to look into your past and find out who
dialog: you are, where you came from - if you let
dialog: me, I know I can.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I told you I don't want your help -
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: This is not for you, you idiot. It is for
dialog: Rogue. You are the first living being she
dialog: has touched in fifteen years. If that is
dialog: not the basis for some attachment, I
dialog: don't know what is.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: A stranger looking in might say you had
dialog: it backwards.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER
text: Logan walks out into the hall and nearly runs into Rogue.
text: She looks at him shyly and steps back. She is wrapped freshly
text: in a thick swath of clothing from head to toe. Only her face
text: is visible.
text: It is a painfully awkward moment. Then:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I uhhh. I don't know how old I am. I know
dialog: I've been through several wars, should
dialog: have died in all of them. The first time
dialog: I saw a gray hair I... I cried because it
dialog: was the first sign of age I had seen in
dialog: decades. It's the uncertainty that
dialog: frightens me. Wondering if some day - any
dialog: day - will be my last.
text: She nods, understanding.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And uhhh... when you... when you touched
dialog: me tonight.
text: And a tear springs from Rogue's eye.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: When you touched me. I felt for one brief
dialog: second... the hand of death. And I know
dialog: it's out there now... I know it can
dialog: happen to me.
text: She is sobbing silently now, stepping a little further back.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I just wanted to thank you.
text: And she looks up at him, shocked. Unable to control herself,
text: she wraps her arms around him, careful not to let her face
text: touch him. Tears flow freely down her cheeks.
text: Finally, Logan's hands come up and slowly wrap around her.
dialog: Leave them like this. They deserve it.
scene_heading: INT. MAGNETO'S LAIR
text: Kelly is hunched over his toilet, heaving.
dialog: On the television is an interview with Xavier that we have
dialog: seen before. The same words about fellowship of man, etc.
text: Kelly slumps to the floor, catching a glimpse of himself in
text: the stainless steel base of the sink in the corner. And so do
dialog: we.
text: His skin seems to be turning white. Worse yet... not white.
text: Veins are visible all over his face and he has thinned
dialog: considerably.
text: A lock of hair is in his face and when he goes to brush it
text: aside, it simply falls out in his hand, leaving a patch of
text: skin on the front of his scalp matching perfectly the skin on
text: his face.
text: AND HE SCREAMS.
text: He seems to be excreting some sort of clear fluid and his
text: breathing is starting to take on a gurgle that is all too
text: unpleasant. He is in obvious pain.
dialog: 57.
text: He walks toward the cell and tries to look down the hall,
text: pressing his face to the bars at the spot Magneto had bent
dialog: them.
text: It is only then that he hears a slight crack and his head
text: squeezes between the bars like a soft-shelled egg. He gasps
text: in pain, choking on the clear mucous.
text: After adjusting to the shock of what has happened, Kelly gets
text: an idea. Be turns his shoulder toward the bars and begins to
text: push. His feet slip in the floor and his fingers stretch and
text: crack inside, then his ribs begin to pop one by one with the
text: brittleness of undercooked spaghetti. It is agonizing, but
text: Kelly finally manages to pull his horribly-altering body
text: through the bars.
text: Once through he looks around the room and finally sees down
dialog: the hall where we first went on our way to meet Magneto. We
text: even hear the familiar clicking of the balls on his desk.
text: Kelly, with only that way to go, does so, passing once again
text: the odd assortment of machines, very reminiscent of the one
text: in Logan's dream.
text: The clicking gets louder and louder the closer he gets to
dialog: what wa know to be Magneto's office.
text: Finally he arrives, with no recourse but to pass the open
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. MAGNETO'S OFFICE
text: The balls clicking in their oddly familiar, but totally
text: unnatural state, banging in to one another in an array of
dialog: combinations.
text: Suddenly, they fall, hitting the desk and rolling every which
dialog: way.
text: Magneto looks at the gelatinous creature standing in the door
text: who looks back at him. It is hard to tell which one is more
dialog: surprised.
text: He smiles, unable to hide his pride at his creation.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Magnificent.
text: Then Kelly bolts, running so fast, his slick-skinned feet
text: slip out of his shoes.
text: Magneto is up and after him, but not before hitting a red
text: alarm button just beside his desk.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS - VARIOUS
text: Magneto cannot see Kelly, but the sloppy trail of slime he is
text: leaving makes him easy to chase.
text: He finds a pair of socks left much like the shoes.
text: Sabertooth overtakes him in the hallway, following the same
dialog: trail.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Alive.
speaker_heading: SABERTOOTH
dialog: I'll find him.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: ALIVE. -
text: And Sabertooth is off with his own unnatural speed.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ELSEWHERE
text: Toad, Blob ar.£ Pyro split up, looking this way and that.
text: Toad heads down a particularly dark hallway and slows down,
text: listening. All he hears is the dripping of water in the
text: Subterranean corridor.
text: He walks past a drain pipe that leads to who knows where, so
text: small - perhaps ten inches in diameter, he does not think to
dialog: notice it.
text: Once he is safely by, a large bubble of clear goo emerges
text: from the drain, rolling over to reveal it is Kelly's head,
text: looking both ways before emerging further.
text: He drags himself out, face contorted in a silent scream of
dialog: agony.
text: He comes up onto his "feet" and looks at his fingers, now
text: more like tentacles reaching up to his elbow. He is so busy
text: seeing if the coast is clear, he does not hear blob coming up
text: behind him.
text: Blob throws a meat-fisted punch which tears Kelly's suit and
text: rams right through back and out his chest, doing almost
dialog: nothing otherwise.
text: Kelly goes to grab Blob's fist and his rope-fingers wrap
text: around the giant's flesh and instantly bring scarlet, burn
text: like welts to him. Much like the tendrils of a jellyfish.
dialog: 59.
text: Blob screams in agony, pulling back and wrapping one hand
text: around the other, now burning his good hand all over the
text: palm. More screaming, and the sounds of Toad coming back.
text: Kelly runs past a helpless Blob.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ELSEWHERE
text: Kelly is now headed down a large, open corridor ouch like a
text: traffic tunnel. At the end is moonlight, and Kelly gives it
dialog: whatever he has to get there.
text: But Sabertooth is behind him.
text: Kelly hears the pounding feet and screams in terror without
text: even looking back to see what it might be. Sabertooth
text: overtakes him despite his speed and lunges, diving for the
dialog: wretched creature.
text: He lands face down on the floor, just as he catches Kelly
text: firmly by the ankle with both hands. Got him.
text: But no. Kelly's slick and jelly-like leg simply quirts out of
text: his grasp and he keeps going.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGNETO'S LAIR - CLIFFS
text: Kelly comes to the edge of a sheer cliff. End of the road.
text: Several hundred feet straight down and jagged rocks below.
text: He turns hearing the underbrush crashing behind him and sees
text: Sabertooth, Pyro and Toad all closing in on him.
text: Kelly thinks for moment, panicked and desperate.
text: Then he resigns, holding his tentacles out like the arms they
dialog: used to be as if to say "I give up..."
text: And he falls backward. Sabertooth makes a desperate lunge and
text: almost falls after him. Only Pyro and Toad are there to catch
dialog: him.
text: They all watch as Kelly falls silently toward the rocks
text: below, looking up at them with almost a smile.
speaker_heading: SPLATCH
text: His "body" hits the rocks and tquirts out like toothpaste
text: from the tube through the neck of his suit, leaving it as the
dialog: only reminder that he was ever there.
text: A moment later, the waves come and takes care of that.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. MAGNETO'S OFFICE
text: Now he sits at his desk, chin in his hand, the metal balls
text: flying in front of him as they would a juggler in ever *\_J
dialog: complicated patterns.
text: When Sabertooth walks in, the hover in front of him in the
text: form of a question mark.
speaker_heading: SABERTOOTH
text: He's dead.
text: Frustrated for only a moment, Magneto adjusts.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: It changes nothing. We'll simply make our
dialog: debut without him. ,
text: Then Magneto smiles.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: It was magnificent, was it not?
scene_heading: IHT. REC ROOM
text: Storm, and Beast along with several of the students, all sit
text: watching television, but not really paying attention. It is
text: the quiet, somber aftermath of what they have just witnessed.
text: On the television, we see SEVERAL NEWS HELICOPTERS circling a
text: platform built against the backdrop of the main entrance to
dialog: Ellis Island. We see massive security measures, the likes of
dialog: which have never been attempted, being prepared.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: Is there such a thing as too much
dialog: security? A possible complication adding
dialog: to the Ellis Island Anniversary of the
dialog: U.N. assembly is the sheer number of
dialog: security personnel. The Secret Service's
dialog: Request has been denied unanimously by
dialog: other nations of the world to allow them
dialog: to coordinate on their own. Special U.N.
dialog: council coordinators have thus been
dialog: brought in to help aid in the
dialog: communication of security units speaking
dialog: in nearly two dozen different languages,
dialog: each their to protect tneir own. Here now
dialog: with the rest of the story is -
text: Beast is the first to see Rogue enter the room and he
text: immediately stands. Then Storm sees her, she smiles.
dialog: 61.
text: But the students... There is an unspoken moment of tension in
text: the room. Some of them clearly look, at her as if to say she
text: is not wanted. Whispers to one another and then a LAUGH.
text: Rogue tries to say something, but cannot. The look on their
text: faces in all its ambiguity is too much for her. She turns and
text: runs from the room.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Rogue - wait -
text: But Beast stops her.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - DAY
text: Rogue runs unhindered through the gates at the edge of the
dialog: estate.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Across the road. The leaves on the trees seem to move. Then
text: one of the trees itself.
text: Then, his camouflage fading, TOAD comes down from the
text: treetops, heading in Rogue's direction.
scene_heading: IMT. DANGER ROOM - DAY
text: Logan in a suit not unlike the ones we saw Cyclops and Storm
text: in at the beginning. It is skintight and seems to cover him
dialog: well.
text: Jean Grey is helping him adjust it to fit him. At the same
text: time, she is attaching remote electrodes to the suit around
dialog: his heart, temples, etc.
text: Xavier watches from the booth. He is adjusting the dials on a
text: wireless EKG that is monitoring all of Logan's functions.
text: Cyclops is at the controls, ready.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: This will give you a little more
dialog: protection than the last time. Obviously,
dialog: we would make one more suited for your
dialog: abilities.
text: SHOOK. Logan's hands come up, claws having extended through
text: the special gloves, tearing nasty holes in them.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: As you were saying...
dialog: 62.
text: Jean smiles.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Put those away.
text: Xavier's voice comes in over a loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
dialog: We're going to try and repeat yesterday's
dialog: performance. This time, however, I want
dialog: you to try and concentrate for as long as
dialog: is possible as to what thought, memories,
dialog: notions - no matter how fleeting - enter
dialog: into your mind. Do you understand?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What if they're naughty?
text: He is looking at Jean when she says this. She smiles, shaking
text: her head. Cyclops is clearly not happy about it.
text: Storm and Beast enter the booth behind them in a panic. We
text: hear only muffled conversation through the mic, then Xavier,
text: loud and clear.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: WHAT?!
text: Jean and Logan look at one another, then dash into the booth.
scene_heading: INT. BOOTH
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Rogue is gone. Some of the students...
dialog: reacted.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I knew this would happen.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: How in the world could you have let her
dialog: go?
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: It seemed best if we just -
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Let her figure out your problems for you?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Hey, tough guy, stay out of it, okay?
dialog: You've got one day in this place.
text: In the booth, Xavier shuts his eyes, concentrating.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Enough to see you hypocrites have your
dialog: own standards just like the rest of them.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I hardly think that's fair.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Just look at yourself, Boo-Berry, and
dialog: tell me what's fair.
text: Cyclops lunges for Logan. CLAWS EXTEND QUICKLY, ready to
text: kill. Beast holds Cyclops back and shakes him just as his
text: eyes are heating up.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: ENOUGH. None of this matters, what is
dialog: important is finding Rogue and bringing
text: her back before something happens to her.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I found her.
scene_heading: INT. WESTCHESTER MILL - DAT
text: A mother and child wander in a typical shopping daze.
text: PULL OUT TO REVEAL
text: A particularly crowded day at the mall as Rogue comes up the
text: escalator, wandering through them all.
text: She walks under a high domed glass ceiling, revealing bright
text: light outside.
text: She walks over to a Victoria's Secret store and looks up at
text: the mannequins in the windows who wear almost nothing at all.
text: Quite a contrast from her own, stifling garb. Shs touches the
text: glass as though trying to reach them, then she moves on.
speaker_heading: ROGUE'S P.O.V.
text: She looks all around the mall at the many oblivious people
text: here. Children playing tag on one side. A young couple
text: holding hands.
text: Human contact all around.
dialog: 64.
text: She walks past a small child, her hand nearly brushing the
text: girl's hair. She passes an elderly couple seated on a bench,
text: daring to come within inches, dying for the slightest touch.
speaker_heading: FINALLY:
text: She sees a young man looking in the front window of SHARPER
text: IMAGE STORE. She walks over and stands behind him, slowly
text: raising her hand to touch him.
text: Her fingers come painfully close, getting closer.
speaker_heading: STORM (0.S.)
speaker_heading: ROGUE.
text: Rogue turns and sees:
text: Storm, coming to her though the crowd. A SHIFT IN THE CROWD
text: and Storm loses sight of her.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - ELSEWHERE
text: Rogue- runs up the escalator and runs right into Storm,
text: nearly touching her.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You don't have to run.
scene_heading: INT. POOD COURT - LATER
text: Rogue and Storm have a cup of coffee by a glass railing that
text: looks down on the rest of the mall.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
text: I fell off the wagon. Hard. I feel like
dialog: if I don't touch another human being...
text: She starts to cry now.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: I don't want to live-like this.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: All of us have those days.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: But you can touch. You're not alone. No
dialog: one is alone like I am.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: That may be so, but you were put here for
dialog: a reason.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: I can see that look.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: What look is that?
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: That look people get when they want to
dialog: touch you - to make you feel better. I
text: see that look all the time. It ends with
dialog: this expression I am sure lepers know
dialog: pretty well.
text: Just then, Rogue looks down and sees Cyclops on the lower
text: level, obviously searching for her.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'll touch you.
text: Rogue's attention snaps back to Storm.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I said I'll touch you. Is that what you
dialog: want? Here.
text: She reaches for Rogue, who recoils.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I am serious. Come on.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: Get away. Please. I didn't mean it.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Then you touch me.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Then quit your crying. Stop complaining
dialog: about how hard it is to be you. You want
dialog: to die, go and kill yourself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: STORM (CONT'D)
dialog: Otherwise, stop being such a martyr. Get
dialog: over yourself.
text: Rogue looks at Storm in shock. But not so much as to notice
text: something over her shoulder. A movement on the other side of
dialog: the mall.
speaker_heading: ROGUE'S P.O.V.
text: Storm seems to be in two places at once, because now she is
text: all the way on the other side in front of a large planter,
text: watching Rogue talk with... well... Storm.
text: The tree behind her turns an autuany red and the leaves fall
dialog: off.
text: AS A MASSIVE FIGURE MOVES INTO FRAME BEHIND HER.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - LONER LEVEL
text: Cyclops looks up and sees Rogue sitting with Storm, looking
text: over at something.
text: He turns in time to see that The other Storm is being CHOKED
text: BY SABERTOOTH, her feet not touching the ground.
text: He tries to get a shot with his visor, but too many people
text: are in his way.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - UPPER LEVEL
text: Sabertooth smiles as Storm struggles to turn. He whispers in
dialog: her ear. ,
speaker_heading: SABERTOOTH
dialog: Scream for me.
scene_heading: INT. DANGER ROOM - CONTROL BOOTH
text: Back at the mansion, Xavier is watching Logan go through a
text: light routine in the Danger Room with Beast at the controls.
text: Suddenly, Xavier touches his throat, then raises a shaking
text: hand to his head.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Dear God.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Stay here with Logan. Whatever happens,
dialog: do hot leave the school.
dialog: 67.
text: And he is gone.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - LOWER LEVER
text: Cyclops has a clear shot now. His eyes start to glow
dialog: brightly.
text: Suddenly, a familiar movement on the pedestal behind him.
text: Toad has been camouflaged the entire time. He comes down and
text: licks HIS LIZARD-LIKE TONGUE, snatching the visor from
text: Cyclops' face.
speaker_heading: MAYHEM
text: Light like we have never seen comes blasting out of Cyclops'
text: eyes without any sort of control, as if a fire hydrant had
text: been ripped from the ground.
text: His head comes back and the light blows the whole of the
text: glass ceiling to smithereens, bringing it down on panicking
text: shoppers who scatter.
text: Toad leaps to the second level and then again out of sight.
scene_heading: MALL - UPPER LEVEL
text: Sabertcoth reacts, surprised by the sudden shift. This gives
dialog: Storm one last chance to breathe.
text: We notice now that something is happening to her body.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - LOWER LEVER
text: Cyclops runs helpless, trying to cover his eyes. Small
text: streams of light shoot through his fingers, sprinkling damage
dialog: wherever they go.
text: He heads right for a woman and he can hear her screaming,
text: frozen in his path.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
text: GET OUT OF THE WAY. GET OUT OF THE WAY.
text: He opens his eyes instinctively to see where he is going. She
text: ducks in time to miss the BLAST OF PURE ENERGY SHOOTING FROM
speaker_heading: HIS FACE.
text: FOLLOW THE BEAM TO:
text: A CRYSTAL STORE AT THE END OF THE MALL
dialog: 68.
text: Through the window and into a chandelier, refracting at the
text: speed of light through nearly every piece of glass in the
dialog: place.
text: The owner comes running out as:
text: AN EXPLOSION OF GLASS FOLLOWS HIM.
scene_heading: IHT. HALL - UPPER LEVEL - POOD COURT
text: Rogue turns to look at the Storm she is sitting with who is
text: laughing as she shrugs.
speaker_heading: "STORM"
dialog: We missed you, babe.
text: INSTANTLY, ROGUE LASHES OUT, GRABBING HER by the face.
text: "Storm" struggles at first, then begins to tremble much in
text: the way Logan did. Then worse. She turns into Mystique, her
text: true identity, as Rogue turns into Mystique.
text: Now there are two. They begin to struggle violently. One to
dialog: be free, the other to hold on.
text: They fall out of frame - after a moment one rises up. Which
dialog: Mystique it is, we cannot tell.
text: She leaves the other in a heap on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - UPPER LEVEL
text: Storm, nearly lifeless now, struggles with what little she
text: has to get free of Sabertooth. He relishes a kill at last.
text: Storm's eyes open wide as her body convulses.
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: A huge bolt of lightning shoots from her body into
text: Sabertooth,'s chest, knocking him back in shock. Storm falls
text: to the ground, gasping.
speaker_heading: ELSEWHERE
text: Mystique runs toward the exit. She looks back and sees The
text: other Mystique laying on the floor. Dead?
text: As she turns to leave she runs right into TOAD, wearing
text: Cyclops' visor.
text: She looks at him curiously, swiping the visor off of him like
text: a scolding mother.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: We're all set. Xavier is on his way. Get
text: to the mansion.
text: He leaps away, leaving Mystique to transform back into Rogue,
text: nar real identity. Rogue looks back to the spot where the
text: real Mystique was lying and sees that she is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS
text: Xavier drives as fast as he can toward the mall.
scene_heading: INT. MALL - LOWER LEVER
text: Cyclops stumbles blind and helpless, covering his eyes. A
text: hand comes into frame, tapping him with his visor.
text: He takes it and puts it on. Looking up to see a guilt-
text: stricken Rogue.
text: Sprinklers fire and shower down all over the mall to the
text: sound of many alarms.
scene_heading: EXT. MALL - DAY
text: Xavier fights the rush of traffic - people fleeing madly from
dialog: the mall.
text: As he pulls up to the front doors, he sees Cyclops emerging,
text: carrying Storm's unconscious body. They are followed by
dialog: Rogue.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: It's a trick. To lure you away. They are
text: headed to the mansion.
text: They jump in the car and peel out back toward home.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - LOGAN'S ROOM
text: Logan has just finished his exercise in the danger room. He
text: looks a bit worn, showing signs of pain and stiffness, not
text: quite ready for the strain he has put on himself. His face is
text: slicked with s*eat and he wrestles with how to get this
text: uniform off.
text: He hears the slightest noise and turns.
text: Rogue is standing in the doorway, looking at him. He is
text: speechless at first. Then:
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Listen, I feel a little responsible -
dialog: 70.
text: Rogue shakes her head, smiling.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard about what happened. Are you
dialog: okay?
text: She shrugs indifferently.
text: E.C.U. on Logan's nose. His nostrils flare.... sensing...
text: Logan squints the tiniest bit. We know he knows something is
text: wrong, but he is hiding it. Be picks up a towel and wipes the
text: sweat off his face.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So listen, I was thinking today I would
dialog: go out... have a drink. I thought maybe
dialog: you would come with me.
text: Rogue nods and smiles.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe you could finish telling me that
dialog: story you were telling me last night.
text: Rogue pauses. Confused.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know... Come on... Don't make me say
dialog: it.
text: But Rogue is stumped... not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever you say about them bexng the
dialog: same, no two women smell alike.
text: SHOOK. The Claws are out. LOGAN LUNGES, BUT ROGUE DIVES TO
text: THE SIDE AND OUT INTO THE HALL. Logan is after her, his claws
text: tearing through the walls as he chases her.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: WHERE IS SHE?
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Jean and Beast are here, working on something or other. They
text: hear the racket and look at one another. Finally, Beast
text: leaves the room to go look.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Logan chases a fleeing Rogue toward the front door of the
text: Mansion. She runs right past an open doorway and as he chases
text: her, a blue tree trunk comes out the door.
speaker_heading: BLAM
text: Logan is clotheslined by Beast. He hits the floor, roaring in
text: pain and frustration.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Beast... wait...
text: But Beast is on him in an instant, no more the benevolent
dialog: creature we are used to. Now, he is a monster. Be picks up
text: Logan and throws him down the hall.
speaker_heading: BOOM
text: Logan hits a wall and crumbles as Beast cooes at him for
dialog: core:
speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't understand... That's not -
text: But he is off the floor and flying through the air again,
text: into and through a door at the far end of the hall.
text: Rogue watches this with great fascination. She smiles.
text: BEHIND HER, A LARGE BLACK METAL BOX FLOATS INTO VIEW. Behind
text: it walks MAGNETO, keeping it aloft with his power. He stands
text: next to Rogue and watches the two hulking creatures go at it.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: You're loving this, I know.
text: Magneto keeps moving, now the box behind him.
text: Beast is coming toward Logan again, furious. High on the
text: fight. Logan's hands are raised, claws retracting as a sign
dialog: of peace. No go.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: You know. I consider myself to be a
dialog: reasonable guy.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wait -
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I like to think sometimes I am actually
dialog: too forgiving. When you grow up looking
text: like a frosty blue, sable-covered
dialog: Volkswagen, you learn to understand where
dialog: people's anger comes from.
text: Logan can see Beast is getting angrier just talking. The
text: claws extend reluctantly. Logan will kill him if he has to.
speaker_heading: BEAST (CONT'D)
dialog: But you, man..? Well... I have simply had
dialog: enough.
text: Logan FLASHES BIS CLAWS, CUTTING THE WALL AWAY BEHIND BIN. A
text: hole just big enough for him to wriggle through.
text: Beast lunges, but he is too late. Be reaches in, but cannot
dialog: quite get to Logan.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
scene_heading: LISTEN TO ME, LISTEN.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I'd rather not.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: It's not Rogue... It's someone else.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Just.... come... here...
speaker_heading: . . LOGAN
dialog: Smell her, you moron. IT ISN'T ROGUE.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
scene_heading: SMELL. BER. WHAT RIND OF ANIMAL ARE YOU?
text: BEAST STOPS. Be thinks. Be turns.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Magneto continues his curious tour-of the mansion. Be looks
text: ahead at a curious thing. A heavy wooden end table is flying
text: down the hall at great speed directly toward his head.
text: without ever losing the look of fascination on his face, he
text: drops to the floor. The black box keeps moving ahead and
text: SMASHES into the end table, splintering it.
dialog: 73.
text: Magneto is up and heading in the direction from whence the
dialog: table came.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: BEAST AND LOGAN HEAR THE CRASH.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Jean.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (Re: "Rogue")
dialog: I got this one.
text: Beast runs after the sound, brushing past Rogue as though she
dialog: were not there.
text: Logan comes out of the hole, his rage mounting. Rogue,
text: suddenly seeing a new order of things, starts to back up...
text: Then runs for her very life.
text: LOGAN ROARS and COMES AFTER HER AGAIN. This time ready for
dialog: business.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Magneto comes carefully around the corner and into the lab.
text: There he sees Jean Grey standing calmly on the far side of
text: the room, hand behind her back.
text: He almost does not see the BASEBALL BAT, that whips inches
text: from his head.
text: Magnsto smiles.
text: The bat waves back and forth, whipping the air, warning him
dialog: to come no further.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Telekinesis. Fascinating. What I wouldn't
dialog: give for that. Alas, metal is all I am
dialog: good for. But it seems to serve me well.
text: JUST THEN, A FULL SIZE EXAMINATION TABLE RISES UP FROM BEHIND
text: JEAN AND SMASHES INTO HER BACK.
text: She hits the floor, unconscious.
text: Suddenly, from out of nowhere, Beast charges directly at
text: Magneto with the stealth of a cat, catching him by surprise.
text: Magneto wheels in time to see nothing but a wall of Blue hair
text: and a hand of the same getting hold of his neck.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALL
text: Chasing, smashing, screaming, howling.
text: Logan leaps across the room and grabs Mystique by the throat.
text: His claws extend to,her throat, his fist holding still and
text: letting the natural force of the claws do the work.
text: Slowly, they push into the flesh under her chin. She tries to
text: pull away, but she is held fast.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Who are you people? What is it you want
dialog: with me?
text: Mystique is defiant. Smiling.
speaker_heading: MYSTIQUE
dialog: Kill me.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: In a minute. Now tell me.
speaker_heading: MYSTIQUE
dialog: Nice get-up. You bulge in almost all the
dialog: right places.
text: The claws extend a little more, drawing blood.
text: But before he can elicit her to speak, another voice calls
text: out to him.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (0O.S.)
dialog: Looooocoo0o-gan.
dialog: From deep in the mansion:
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Looooocoo0o-gan.
text: Logan thinks for a minute, then turns Mystique around,
text: holding his claws to the base of her skull and his free hand
text: around her throat.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MANSION
text: As Logan follows the voice.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (0O.S.)
dialog: Looocoo0ce0-gan. Come to me, Logan.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Logan comes to the open door to see Beast in the center of
text: the room with Magneto by the throat, his giant blue hand
text: making it look no thicker than a man's wrist.
text: But Magneto, for a man in such a predicament, seems
text: frightfully calm.
text: Beast, on the other hand, looks terrified. Then Logan sees
dialog: why.
text: Jean Grey is on the other side of the room, still
text: unconscious. Hovering over her are the X-ray and the
text: examination table and both are encrusted with every horrible
text: sharp metal object in the room.
text: Stale mate. If Beast squeezes, Jean is gone.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Do I have to say it?
text: Somehow, Logan seems pretty sure that this guy will not have
dialog: the same sense of mercy for Mystique if called upon. Be lets
text: her go. He walks up to the old man in the funny helmet that
text: calmly wheezes in the tightness of Beast's grasp.
text: At last, he is face to face with Magneto.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: You are everything I had hoped you would
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're Magneto.
text: MAGNETO. .
dialog: And I was hoping to surprise you.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: The question really is, what do you want,
dialog: Logan?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'll be sure to get back to you in the
dialog: next life.
text: SHOOK. The claws extend to their maximum menace and come
text: within a fraction of an inch of Magneto's eyes.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BEAST
speaker_heading: LOGAN.
text: THE PILE OF TREACHEROUS METAL DROPS A FOOT then halts, just
text: above Jean. Magneto looks up at Beast.
text: Logan steps back, frustrated. Beast lets go.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Where did Xavier find you all?
text: He rubs his neck and looks up at Beast, studying him
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Just look at you. Perfection.
text: Beast watched the Metal waver up and down, teasing.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: How ill at ease you most feel here. Bow
dialog: much like a freak among freaks, where we
dialog: come from, I am the odd man out. The
dialog: closest thing to human... Bow I envy you.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: If I told you that one day your children
dialog: would thank me... would you believe it?
text: A LOUD BANGING SOUND.
text: Beast and Logan turn and see that the black box that Magneto
text: has "brought" with him has opened via two hinged panels at
dialog: the front.
text: Inside are dozens of sharp, hooked spines, much like an old
text: Fashioned Iron lady. The open panels have strange shaped
text: indentations with similar spikes.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell Logan what he's won, Mystique.
text: Mystique stands by it, mocking the movements of a
dialog: presentation model on the price is right.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Logan. Hop in.
speaker_heading: JEAN (0.S.)
speaker_heading: OH MY GOD.
dialog: 77.
text: Now they all turn to see that Jean has come to under the pile
text: of metal. She pushes with her mind and the metal starts to
dialog: rise.
text: Logan seizes the opportunity to move for Magneto, but the
text: moment is lost when Magneto bears down and the mass of steel
text: violently forces itself down to within inches of Jean.
text: Her whole body trembles with the force she generates, but it
text: is only enough to hold him at bay. Magneto on the other hand,
text: seems to be using about as much strength as it would take to
text: trim his fingernails.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: I could just grab you by that metal
dialog: skeleton of yours and throw you in, but I
dialog: would have to put this down.
text: The metal above Jean wavers.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to mention the mess you would make of
dialog: yourself if I had to force you in...
dialog: Please. I really am trying to make this
dialog: as painless as possible for everyone.
dialog: What do you say?
text: Defeated, and utterly agonized at being so, Logan turns and
text: steps inside the Iron Lady. He puts his arms in the
text: indentations on the doors. As they close, they fold Logan's
text: fists inward just as Mystique demonstrated. If he should
dialog: extend his claws now, he will only succeed in driving them
text: through his lungs and heart.
text: The iron lady closes. Then it lifts off the ground, floating
text: toward the door with Logan inside, his head sticking out
text: through a hole in the top like some black, demented personal
dialog: sauna.
text: Thick metal bands hinge closed, MEETING AT THE BACK - behind
text: Logan - where they finally lock in place.
text: Magneto turns to Beast.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Now listen very carefully, brother. If -
dialog: you should step into the field I have
dialog: holding that table, it will come crashing
dialog: down with enough force to turn your
text: friend into a new variety of floor wax.
dialog: Same applies if you try to stop us from
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to mention the several hundred steel
dialog: spikes I will drive into Mr. Logan here
dialog: for him to ponder while you take three
dialog: days to cut him out of that box,
text: incinerating what's inside.
text: Beast understands and nods, furious. Helpless.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: I do love a good check-mate.
dialog: (Looking around the room)
dialog: Right then. We'll just be going.
text: And Magneto follows the box out the door, Mystique laughing
dialog: in tow.
text: Now Jean and Beast are left alone with their quandary. Beast
text: tries to move toward her, but as promised, the huge mass of
text: metal starts to press down on Jean, who is unable to hold it
text: off despite her efforts.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Wait, wait, wait.
text: Beast backs off.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Let me think. Just hold on.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Go after them.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I can''t do -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Forget about me. Go after them.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: NO.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Listen to me, you flea circus, I'll
dialog: handle this. Go get Logan.
text: Beast shakes his head, inspecting the metal above her, then
text: looking around the room for something, anything. Sadly, most
text: of what he could use for leverage is hovering above her.
text: Beast thinks for the longest time as the metal again begins
text: to push down. Jean fights it heroically, managing to get it a
text: few feet in the air before it starts to press slowly down
dialog: again.
dialog: 79.
text: Finally, Beast begins to breathe, psyching himself up.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't you dare.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I have to.
speaker_heading: JEAN
scene_heading: I CAN HANDLE II NOOOOOOOO000O.
text: Beast LEAPS, jumping under the metal and covering Jean with
text: his immense body, forming a frame to absorb what will surely
dialog: kill him.
speaker_heading: CRASH
speaker_heading: IMPACT
text: Jean opens her eye to a matt of Blue hair and silence. She
text: gasps for air, smothering under the weight of Beast's body.
text: Then, he moans. Lifts his head. Comes eye to eye with Jean.
text: PULL OUT TO REVEAL:
text: The Metal has fallen in a circle around them. Not one shard
text: has touched them after all. Beast realizes he himself is
text: squeezing the life out of her and he jumps up. Helping her to
text: her feet.
text: They look at the mess around them.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: You have to admit, it would have been a
dialog: great way to go.
scene_heading: INT. MAGNETO'S HELICOPTER
text: Logan is tightly trundled in his box, no way to struggle.
text: Toad is at the controls, Blob, Pyro and Mystique all stare at
text: this newcomer. He stares back at them. Most of all, he glares
text: at Sabertooth, who most certainly would like another piece.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: A day of discovery for you, eh, Logan? -
dialog: Less and less alone you are with every
dialog: turn of the head. What made you go to
dialog: Alaska? What was it you were hiding from?
dialog: Did that nasty temper of yours get just a
dialog: little too far out of hand? I know all
dialog: about it. I know quite a lot about you in
dialog: fact. If you're good, I'll tell you all.
dialog: 80.
text: Logan spits at him.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: You may believe all the answers await you
dialog: in the next life, but then again, what if
dialog: you're not on their guest list?
text: Logan sneers, that last comment striking home on his one and
dialog: only fear.
scene_heading: INT. WESTCHESTER MANSION - FRONT HALL
text: Xavier and the others come in through the wreckage that is
dialog: the house.
text: All of the students are on the front lawn, waiting quietly.
text: Beast and Jean come worn and tattered out to greet them.
text: Everyone looks at each other, defeated.
scene_heading: ZVT. LABORATORY - LATER
text: Xavier stares at the ruins of the lab.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: What on Earth could Magneto be up to?
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Sounds like a matter of wait and see,
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Logan could be dead by then.
text: Rogue turns and walks out of the room. Cyclops looks at Jean
text: with some frustration.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Seems to me that works out for everyone.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: He gave himself up for her, Scott.
dialog: Whatever you may think of him, you owe
dialog: him that.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Rogue shuts herself in the bathroom and cries. Looking at
text: herself in-the mirror, touching her face much in the way she
text: touched Logan's.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Can you find him, xavier?
text: Xavier is already straining with his mind.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: They are all together. ... somewhere...
dialog: I...
dialog: (He quits, tired) )
dialog: Whatever Magneto is using for that
dialog: helmet, he seems to have around the lot
dialog: of them, now.
scene_heading: INT . BATHROOM
text: Rogue is slowly getting a hold of herself, splashing water on
text: her face.
text: SUDDENLY, a gurgling sound. She looks down and sees water
text: bubbling in the toilet.
scene_heading: THEN A HUGE, VISCOUS BUBBLE...
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: I am not trying to be callous, but let's
dialog: look at it rationally. For all we know,
dialog: Logan and Magneto were together at some
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Oh for God's sake, Scott -
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Just here me out. We don't know who this
dialog: guy is, where he comes from. What if he
text: is some experiment of Magneto's.
dialog: Something that got away. What if he isn't
dialog: supposed to be out in the world.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I have to say that could be -
text: Rogue comes bursting out of the bathroom, her face twisted in
dialog: horror.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Everyone comes rushing into the bathroom and over to the
text: toilet, looking in. LONG PAUSE. Nothing.
dialog: 82.
text: They look rather silly all staring at the calm water. Just as
text: they are backing away, looking at Rogue, a gurgling sound
text: comes from the corner.
text: They all turn to see: .
dialog: Senator Kelly, or what is left of him. Be has now evolved
text: into nothing more than a mass of vaguely humanbid jelly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Help...me... It hurts...
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - LATER
text: Jean Grey takes samples of Kelly's plasma, while Beast probes
text: him here and there. Rogue/ Storm and Cyclops stand watching
text: in horror. Xavier tries to see the face of his adversary in
text: this blob of gelatin.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: What did they do to you? Can you tell me
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Un... conscious... Light... Bright...
dialog: light.
text: Kelly flinches, his whole "body" rippling.
speaker_heading: KELLY (CONT'D)
text: Pain... Terrible pain. Xavier pulls
text: himself closer, looking deep into the
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Open your mind.
text: And the thing that is Kelly begins to weep as Xavier probes
text: into his mind.
scene_heading: XAVIER'S P.O.V. - MINDREAD
speaker_heading: FLASH
scene_heading: INT. MAGNETO'S LAIR
text: THE CAGE OF SENATOR KELLY. NOW HIS P.O.V. as seen by Xavier.
text: Vision fades in and out in a sedated haze.
text: He is laid out on a gurney, being wheeled toward bars that
text: seem to have no door. Then they bend back to allow the gurney
dialog: to be wheeled - through.
dialog: 83.
text: He looks up and sees Magneto wheeling the gurney, smiling
text: down with a wink at the Senator.
text: Kelly looks down at his feet and sees the corridor lined with
text: those mysterious pieces of machinery... somehow familiar.
text: They all seem to be versions of the same thing.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: Kelly is looking around a large, domed room, in the center is
text: another one of these devices - larger than all the others and
text: this time even more familiar.
text: Were it Logan's vision and not Xavier's, he might notice the
text: similarity to the device in the room during his dream. But
dialog: this thing is familiar for a different reason. It is familiar
dialog: to all of us.
text: Long and cylindrical, tapering toward the bottom. A glowing
text: head at the top with an oddly shapen - almost misshapen -
text: translucent cover.
text: BUT We ONLY GET A GLIMPSE
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: KELLY's/XAVIER'S P.O.v. follow the shaft to the base and we
text: see again the fork with the brightly burning filament.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: KELLY is IN THE AIR NOW, stealing a glance below to see that
text: Magneto is using his power to hold the gurney aloft. It is
text: guided into the center of the misshapen head of this terrible
text: machine and finds a secure seating.
text: SLOWLY BUILDING LIGHT
text: A HUMMING which builds slowly to a rumble, then a roar.
text: AND THE SOUND OF KELLY SCREAMING -
scene_heading: JARRING FLASH - A VIOLENT CRASH OF NOISE AND LIGHT
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Xavier snaps back in his chair, physically effected by the
text: vision. Frightened, shocked, perhaps even in pain. His
text: breathing is erratic.
text: All rush to help him, but he waves them away, collecting
dialog: himself.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Evil... Something... evil.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - LATER
text: The thing that was Kelly "sits" in the corner, whimpering.
text: The television is on in the opposite corner, tuned to CNN.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: . it is believed now after seventy-two
dialog: hours have passed that Senator Scott
dialog: Frank Kelly and his advisor Prank Guyrich
dialog: have been missing. All of Washington is
dialog: perplexed as to what may have become of
text: the pair, last seen leaving the white
dialog: House after a closed meeting with the
dialog: President...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER
text: Everyone, minus Kelly, stand in the hallway whispering.
text: Xavier is shaking his head.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: A long cylinder you said. A warhead of
dialog: some kind?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: An antenna? ,
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Was it part of a bigger structure?
text: Xavier shakes his head, frustrated.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: It is something so simple. I just didn't
dialog: get a good enough look at it, but it
dialog: seems so.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: What does it do?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: From what I am able to surmise, Magneto
dialog: has developed a device to artificially
dialog: trigger the Mutator gene, effectively
dialog: giving him the power to turn anyone he
dialog: pleases...
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Oh God.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: But how did Kelly -
speaker_heading: XAVIBR
text: They think he is dead.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Be might be better off.
text: All eyes to Beast.
speaker_heading: BEAST (CONT'D)
dialog: Be seems to be adapting to his
dialog: environment literally from room to room,
text: like a salamander changes color. Kelly
dialog: is, or at least recently was, a perfect
dialog: organism. The mutant of all mutants.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: So maybe this machine is what made Logan
speaker_heading: BEAST
text: Certainly not Magneto's design. Kelly's
dialog: metabolism, heart rate, respiratory -
dialog: even the cell production - all are
text: working at an exponential rate.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Bow long does he have?
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: I couldn't say.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Then what does Magneto want with Logan?
text: Beast's eyes light up with a revelation.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: Tungsten.
text: All of them listen. Rogue with especially deep interest,
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BEAST
text: Tungsten. The filament in a lightbulb.
text: Jean nods, understanding.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: When Edison made the lightbulb, his
dialog: greatest challenge was finding the right
dialog: filament. He tried everything. Copper/
dialog: platinum, even human hair... But tungsten
dialog: was the thing.
speaker_heading: BEAST
dialog: (To Xavier)
dialog: You described a brilliant source of light
text: radiating from a fork at the bottom of
dialog: this... machine. A light 1iXe none you
dialog: had ever seen.
text: Xavier nods.
speaker_heading: BEAST (CONT'D)
dialog: Adamantium. Adamantium is what makes this
dialog: thing work. It makes perfect sense.
text: They all look at one another.
speaker_heading: JEAN
text: He isn't after Logan at all.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
text: His skeleton.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: But what would Magneto -
text: A TERRIBLE SOUND FROM THE NEXT ROOM. As close to a scream as
dialog: the thing can make.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY
text: Everyone rushes in, but the Senator is gone. Or at least
text: appears to be.
text: It is Xavier who notices the pool of jelly on the floor, now
text: with the consistency of Olive oil. He reaches down and dips
text: his fingers in the thin film.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: My god...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: He's still alive...
text: Everyone steps back a bit.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Such pain... Pain like I could never have
dialog: imagined... As though the pain itself
dialog: were keeping him alive... living off of
dialog: him...
text: Tears come to Xavier's eyes.
speaker_heading: XAVTER
dialog: Poor creature. Poor, cursed creature...
text: Then Xavier arches in his chair as though jolted with
text: electricity. Jean holds him to keep him from falling to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I'm alright. I'm alright... He's gone.
dialog: Please... a moment.
text: Xavier turns away to collect himself.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: We have to find him.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: He could be anywhere in -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: They're going to kill him. Burn him up
text: like kindling.
text: Rogue turns away from all of this, tears coming to her eyes.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: And take us out in the process. Even if
dialog: we could find him, we -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You don't want to find him.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You heard me. You don't want to find him.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: That's ridiculous.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Guys. Come on.
dialog: 88.
text: ANGLE ON: Rogue... she is looking up at the television which
text: is still on, with the sound down.
text: She is looking at yet another report on Ellis Island.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I am shocked that you could be so utterly
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Dammit, Jean, this is not about some
dialog: petty jealousy, this is -
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: GUYS. Enough. This is not the time or the
dialog: place.
text: All of them start to argue, voices overlapping in chaos. The
text: first several times the voice tries to get their attention,
text: it is almost inaudible. Then:
speaker_heading: ROGUE
text: FOR GOD'S SAKE SHUT UP.
text: All eyes turn. Xavier is wheeling up beside Rogue who is
text: looking up at the television.
text: Storm, Cyclops and Jean all walk over to them, wondering what
text: they are looking at.
speaker_heading: ROGUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait... Wait for it...
text: Xavier is already nodding slightly.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: The television image is from the P.O.V. of a helicopter
text: circling Ellis island, taking in all the security and
text: construction. HUGE RISERS made for the delegates and a
dialog: temporary enclosure that will keep them safe from wir.ci
text: while leaving the roof open to see what the helicopter sees
text: as it comes around for one more pass...
text: THE STATUE OF LIBERTY. TORCH HELD ALOFT, BECKONING ALL THE
scene_heading: WORLD'S DOWNTRODDEN.
speaker_heading: ROGUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Was it something like that?
text: Xavier's eyes close in on the torch itself.
dialog: 89.
text: Slowly he begins to nod, and we do too. There is no doubting
text: the confirmation of the familiar shape that is so much like
text: Magneto's machine of unspeakable horror.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR
speaker_heading: RK KK
speaker_heading: RK KK
scene_heading: DISCUSS WITH BRYAN INCLUSION OF AND TAKE-OFF OF X-JET. X-MEN
text: IN FULL REGALIA, PREPPED FOR COMBAT WITH THE BROTHERHOOD.
speaker_heading: RK KK
speaker_heading: RK KK
text: AS JEAN IS DONNING HER UNIFORM -
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No... I'm sorry. What I said was wrong.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: No... No... I hate him. It's not
dialog: rational, not fair - hardly even
dialog: justified. But when I see the two of you -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: He fascinates, me, Scott. As a scientist.
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: That isn't it.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What then? What could it possibly be?
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: The way you looked in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: It's never the same as when I look at -
text: And she sees him touching the visor self-consciously with a
text: trembling hand. She shudders... reaching for his hand and
text: taking it away so that he can see her.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Scott... Scott, I am so sorry...
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: For all of his pain, all of his rage. I
dialog: would trade places with him in an instant
dialog: if it meant I could look in your eyes and
dialog: you in mine.
text: Tears come to Jean's eyes, making her all the more self-
text: aware. Beast comes out of the X-Jet, waving to them. They
text: shake off the moment and follow Storm up the ramp.
text: From where she stands, Rogue debates, and then follows,
text: dashing inside as the hatch to the X-Jet closes.
text: LIFT-OFF. The jet turns and clears the hangar before blasting
text: off into the night sky.
text: Xavier is all alone now. He looks down at his wheelchair and
text: thumps the heel of his fist on the armrest in frustration.
text: Finally, he turns around and wheels himself back inside,
text: swallowed up by the shadows of the hangar.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS ISLAND - NIGHT
text: An Aerial shot showing us the whole of the fully prepared.
dialog: Security of every kind from every country covers every inch
dialog: of the island.
text: Helicopters are coming in at the rate of about one every
text: minute to deliver dignitaries and their minions from all over
dialog: the globe.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN HARBOR
text: The water is filled with police and Coast guard vessels
text: watching the water closely.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - MAIN ENTRANCE
text: In front of the main hall to Ellis Island, where once
dialog: immigrants poured into the new world by the millions, is a
text: large set of risers specially designed for the heads of state
text: to sit in audience to the presentation that awaits them.
text: A huge military band off to one side plays music to help with
text: the milling about and shaking of hands.
text: The President himself is in the crowd, himself meeting and
text: greeting, a mob of Secret Service always right there.
dialog: 91.
text: A YASSIR ARAFAT TYPE, who we will call Yassir Arafat, comes
text: up to the President and smiles. He speaks so only Yassir can
dialog: hear.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: I have four hundred grand for poker after
dialog: this.
text: The two men LAUGH and then HUG to the flashing of a million
dialog: bulbs.
speaker_heading: YASSIR
dialog: You still owe me six thousand acres in
text: Montana from the last game.
text: Then they speak so the reporters can hear, but not too
dialog: obviously.
speaker_heading: YASSIR (CONT'D)
dialog: A most wonderful presentation this
dialog: evening, Mr. President.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: The people of the United States welcome
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: YASSIR
dialog: I have to say, I have not seen this many
dialog: Israelis on all sides since the six day
dialog: war.
text: LAUGH from the eager press.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Not to worry, not to worry. You're safer
dialog: here tonight than at home in your very
dialog: own bed.
text: Smattering of ass-kissy applause. Arafat and the President
text: wave to press and the like, Arafat leaning in so only the
dialog: president can hear.
speaker_heading: YASSIR
dialog: You have no idea just how treacherous
dialog: that can be.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND
text: From atop a high perch, looking down. A deserted part of the
text: island. Away, from the action.
text: PAN ACROSS THE EDGE OF THE ISLAND
dialog: 92.
text: Every fifty feet or so, uniformed Secret Service agents keep
text: tight watch on the island.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
dialog: One Secret Service guy in particular.
text: PUSH IN FROM ABOVE - we realize we are pushing in unusually
text: fast, as though we are falling perhaps.
text: WHAM. A sickening crunch.
text: Toad lands on top of the Secret Service guy. We have been
text: watching from his P.O.V. The Secret Service man is crumpled
text: into a heap. A real frog ribbits 0.S.
text: Toad looks around quietly, listens.... THEN LEAPS, out of
text: frame. Hold on the body of the Secret Service guy.
speaker_heading: LONG PAUSE.
text: ANOTHER SICKENING CRUNCH OFF SCREEN.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND ELSEWHERE
text: Two Secret Service guys approach one another. One is holding
text: a smoke, the other is producing a lighter. Just as his smoke
text: is about to hit the flame, the flame dodges to one side. He
text: moves the smoke to follow it, and the flame dodges the other
dialog: way.
text: The guy with the smoke looks at the guy with the lighter as
text: if to say "knock it off." The guy with the lighter shrugs as:
text: THE FLAME INSTANTLY GROWS TO A RAGING INTENSITY, ENGULFING
speaker_heading: THEM.
text: As they are incinerated and their ashes fall to the ground,
text: Pyro climbs into view from the seawall below, dripping wet.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND ELSEWHERE
text: A Coast Guard boat crawls into view just off shore. A Secret
text: Service man in the foreground waves to the boat as it passes
dialog: by.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST GUARD BOAT DECK
text: A thirty footer. Fast and sturdy..
text: The PILOT OF THE BOAT, a man in his late forties, waves back.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND
text: As the Secret Service guy waves, he jolts upright, his face
text: contorting in impossible pain. Slowly, he is lifted off the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST GUARD BOAT DECK
speaker_heading: PILOT'S P.O.V.
text: Sabertooth holds the last Secret Service man aloft, impaled
text: on his claws. Be waves now, the body swaying this way and
text: that before he casually throws it to the ground.
text: The Pilot turns to the wheel of the boat as he MORPHS INTO
text: MYSTIQUE and turns the boat toward the island.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - BOTTOM OF THE SEAWALL
text: Manmade rocky shore. The boat bumps and grinds on the rock.
text: Sabertooth jumps down to the deck and meets Magneto coming up
text: from below. They nod to one another and walk toward the tarp
text: on the back of the boat, pulling it back to reveal:
text: THE BLACK BOX with Logan inside. He is unconscious, but
text: coming to. Magneto whips out a syringe and shoots up with a
text: little something. Logan fades out again.
text: ANOTHER, MUCH LARGER OBJECT is on the deck of the boat under
text: another tarp, but we cannot see what it is.
text: Sabertooth grabs the box with almost no effort and straps it
text: to his back.
text: He climbs the seawall with Mystique close behind. Magneto is
dialog: just about to follow when:
text: He saes something in the distance.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO'S P.O.V.
text: A fog bank is drifting in from the seaward side. It creeps
text: slowly across the bay toward the island. Magneto thinks, then
text: shakes it off, following Sabertooth.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - MAIN ENTRANCE
text: More copters are landing and more dignitaries arrive. The
text: band strikes up, LOUD SPEAKERS BLARE THEIR MUSIC ALL OVER THE
speaker_heading: ISLAND.
text: They play the national anthem of each dignitary as he or she
text: arrives.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND
text: The sound of the band in the distance. Sabertooth walks up to
text: a LARGE SET OF METAL DOORS surrounded by stately old concrete
dialog: bricks.
text: Toad, Pyro and Mystique keep a lookout as Magneto waits.
text: SABERTOOTH RIPS THE DOORS FROM THEIR HINGES and walks in.
text: Magneto follows. The rest stay behind.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING
text: Silent in here. Tomb-like. Magneto and Sabertooth make their
text: way toward a large stairwell in the middle of the room.
text: The begin their ascent.
text: Magneto looks up and sees that the stairs go up for quite
dialog: Some way.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN HARBOR
text: The fog is thick now.
scene_heading: INT. COAST GUARD CUTTER - HHEELHOUSE
text: THE CAPTAIN of the cutter looks through his binoculars and
text: puzzles over this. His 1ST MATE stands beside him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Hardly the night for it.
speaker_heading: 1ST MATE
text: All the hot air on Ellis.
dialog: They laugh as:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN HARBOR
text: THE FOG CREEPS AROUND ELLIS, never rising above the sea wall,
text: but merely blanketing the ocean surface for about twenty feet
dialog: or so.
scene_heading: INT. COAST GUARD CUTTER - HHEELHOUSE
text: The first matel looks at the sonar, radar, etc. Nothing but a
text: dense blob of fog.
speaker_heading: 1ST MATE
dialog: Navigational is shot, sir. Can't see
dialog: thing.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Call it in. Advise fleet to weigh anchor
dialog: and wait it out.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST GUARD CUTTER
text: The anchor drops.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF SHIPS ALL OVER THE HARBOR DOING THE SAME.
text: In moments, the whole of Ellis island is fog bound.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND
dialog: again, from high up. Where we first saw Toad's P.O.V.
text: Now it is Magneto who looks down. From atop what, we cannot
text: tell. He sees the fog engulfing the whole rim of the island
text: and puzzles over it. He is not comfortable.
text: Sabertooth is beside him.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: I have a very sneaking suspicion we are
dialog: not the only party crashers. Tell the
dialog: others not to hesitate. Kill who you have
dialog: to...
text: Sabertooth could not be happier. He leaves to deliver the
dialog: news.
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ROOM - LATER
text: CLOSE UP ON: LOGAN. He comes to, still in the box with
text: nothing but his head sticking out. He struggles
text: instinctively, but winces in agony when he does.
text: He looks around him and sees that he is in a strangely shaped
text: room with barely enough space for the box and Magneto, who
text: smiles at him in the half-darkness.
text: The box is on its back now and Logan is as helpless as an
text: overturned turtle.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: God worked wonders when He made you,
dialog: Logan. Unfortunately, it's not His work
dialog: I'm interested in. It's what Man did to
dialog: you... when God was through. Man was
dialog: cruel to you, wasn't he?
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
text: At the frontier of a new civilization.
text: The breakwater of new era for mankind.
text: We're backstage at the encore of
text: creation. Three minutes to curtain.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Why..?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: That's the question, isn't it? This is
dialog: the place in the story where the Hero
dialog: learns the secret of his identity, the
dialog: reasons for his life of torment, the
text: plans of his nemesis and finally finds
dialog: his retention. Are you sure you really
dialog: want to know who you really are?
text: Logan's eyes say it all.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, frankly, I have no idea.
text: Logan shakes his head. "Of course."
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: I know a little about the Canadian
dialog: Military. I know about an experiment
dialog: called Wolverine during the war, though I
dialog: never could find its intended purpose.
dialog: Maybe to build a perfect fighting man,
dialog: maybe to stop one. A lot of people were
dialog: doing a lot of unholy things in those
dialog: days. No one was better than anyone else
text: in the end. At the bottom of it all, the
dialog: culprit I suppose was simple human
dialog: nature. Man's instinct to survive, Logan.
dialog: If there really is such a thing as evil,
dialog: you'll find it there.
text: Logan struggles now in vain, wailing as his own blood flows
text: up his neck from the spikes inside the box.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: I would take the Adamantium out of you
dialog: were there a way. Strange stuff really.
dialog: The only thing that can generate the
dialog: energy to melt adamantium is more
dialog: adamantium. Even then, when you melt it
dialog: there is no heat.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Something I have not been able to work
dialog: out. In this case, you are the rod and
dialog: the staff all in one, you magnificent
dialog: creature. It breaks my heart to see you
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You could at least do me the courtesy of
dialog: telling me what I was dying for.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Inside you, my friend, is the key to
dialog: unlocking the secret of evolution.
dialog: Together we are going to shove man into
dialog: his highest level. Tonight, every living
dialog: creature as far as the eye can see that
dialog: does not already share our gifts, will be
dialog: changed forever.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And you think man will be happy about it?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Ohhhhh, I can understand your being
text: bitter. A bit put off. But it hasn't been
dialog: the same for you as it has been for all
dialog: of us.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I think it has. I think the reason you're
dialog: doing this is less an act of giving than
dialog: an act of getting.
text: Magneto smiles.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: That might be how you -
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You have some baggage, man and none of it
dialog: is carry-on. I don't know who did it to
dialog: you, but I'll bet he's not the one paying
dialog: your freight tonight.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: If you'll excuse me...
text: Magneto is visibly angered by the words. He opens a hatch
text: below him and slides out feet first until only his head is
text: visible.
text: Then he pauses.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: And you're right, Logan. I am bitter. I
dialog: am angry. I do have an axe and I am
dialog: grinding it on the innocent. None of it
dialog: will make me sorry. And none of it will
dialog: make me wrong.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No... just familiar.
text: And with that, Magneto is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. STRUCTURE
text: Magneto comes to stand on the railing outside from his high
text: perch, overlooking the island. From here we pull out to
text: reveal at last where he is.
text: HE IS NOT ON ELLIS ISLAND AT ALL.
text: Instead, he ,is on the catwalk around the torch of the Statue
text: of Liberty, about a mile away. He looks over at the activity
text: on Ellis Island, hearing the band and inhaling the cool
text: evening breeze.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Give me your tired, your hungry, your
dialog: poor.
text: And he turns to the bright lights of Manhattan and its seven
dialog: million inhabitants.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Bring me your huddled masses.
text: He brings a radio to his lips.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: Lights.
scene_heading: EXT. POWER STATION
text: Sabertooth is tearing the padlocks off of the generator shed
text: that powers the island. He grabs a hold of the bare conduits
text: that lead from the power supply and YANKS.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS ISLAND - NIGHT
text: The President on a podium. Liberty island in the background.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: and as we stand here side by side
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT (CONT'D)
dialog: As we put aside our differences and share
dialog: with one another good will. As we gather
dialog: together here, in the shadow of the -
text: LIBERTY ISLAND GOES BLACK.
text: From where they are, the dignitaries see the statue of
text: Liberty vanish in darkness. The crowd reacts with murmurs of
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: A SECRET SERVICE AGENT raises a radio to his mouth.
speaker_heading: SECRET SERVICE NAN
dialog: Liberty one, liberty one, this is
dialog: horizon, do you copy.
scene_heading: A MAN'S VOICE RESPONDS.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Go, horizon.
scene_heading: SECRET SERVICE MAN
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Liberty, what's the situation with the
dialog: lights, over?
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY ISLAND
text: The man in question is ANOTHER SECRET SERVICE AGENT. He
text: stands in profile, looking up at the statue.
speaker_heading: OTHER AGENT
dialog: Uhhh, Horizon, we've seem to have had a
dialog: shutdown at the generator, we're five by
dialog: five. There now, checking it out. Give us
dialog: three minutes.
text: As he speaks, The Agent turns his head to reveal the other
text: side of his face.
text: IT IS MYSTIQUE. She Morphs back into her full self and smiles
dialog: at Sabertooth.
scene_heading: EXT. STATUE - TORCH
text: Magneto takes this moment in the darkness to point his hands
text: and all of his concentration on the bottom of the torch in
text: Lady Liberty's hands.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
dialog: 100.
text: BOTTOM OF TORCH.
text: The caplike end piece of the torch begins to vibrate, metal
text: groans, twists...
text: WITH A CRACK OF METAL, it comes free, dropping slightly and
text: then hovering, slowly descending to the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAWALL
text: The boat they came in on. See the tarp and what is under it.
text: IT RISES IN THE AIR, standing upright. The tarp slides to the
text: deck to reveal: THE DEVICE. The one Kelly saw, Xavier saw...
text: Logan saw. It rises higher in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. STATUE - TORCH
text: THE ARM OF THE LADY BENDS AND GROANS SLIGHTLY under this new
text: weight. The device cooing up passes the end of the torch on
text: it's way down. The end of the torch nestles gently into the
text: fog below and finally into the sea where it sinks quietly.
text: THE DEVICE rises up and into the bottom of the torch itself.
text: THE BALL AT IT'S HEAD EXTENDS
scene_heading: INT. TORCH
text: It expands, filling the half-darkness of the torch head.
text: LOGAN FEELS THE BOX SNIVELING UPRIGHT as things shift and
text: metal clangs, shudders, creaks. A slight whirring sound and
text: then it all seems to lock.
text: THE SOUND OF SOMETHING COMING TO LIFE WITH ENERGY AS IF AN
text: ENGINE WERE WARMING UP.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY ISLAND
text: LIGHTS COME ON AGAIN ON LIBERTY ISLAND. The statue lights up
text: to the sounus of a crowd ooing and ahhinc* in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. TORCH
text: LIGHTS COME ON IN THE TORCH. Logan looks around to see what
text: he could only hear a moment ago.
text: The inside of the torch looks hauntingly familiar. He is
text: inside a device he has seen before. The device from his
dialog: dreams of where he was made.
text: LOGAN SCREAMS IN HORROR, reaching the brink of madness.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: aR K
speaker_heading: aR K
speaker_heading: FIGHT SEQUENCE
speaker_heading: aR K
text: X-Men take Liberty Island and square off against Magneto's
text: brotherhood, having used the fog (courtesy of Storm) to hide
text: their arrival. First as a one on one, then in a mighty brawl
text: with each helping the other in between being attacked.
text: As the device is activated, Logan's skeleton begins to heat
text: up. THE LIQUID LIGHT fills the torch and begins to emanate.
text: The only way to stop it is for Logan to free himself from the
text: device by popping his claws through his own chest, tearing
text: through the lock on the back.
text: As the x-Men fight, Sabertooth scrambles to the top of the
text: statue at the behest of Magneto to stop Logan, who is already
text: mortally wounded from his own escape.
text: In a berserker rage, he tears through the shell of the torch.
text: On Ellis island, the sudden, brief show of light is seen as
text: an effect to punctuate the President's comments. It receives
text: ignorant applause from the dignitaries.
text: The Secret Service, fully aware that this is not part of
text: their program, try to send boats over to investigate, but
text: they end up colliding with one another in the thick,
text: confounding fog.
text: Logan attacks Magneto, slashing through the railing. Magneto
text: falls, only to use his Magnetic powers to pull himself back
dialog: up.
text: Logan sees the loose bits of Metal around him pulling free
text: and heading toward Magneto and is suddenly grabbed by the
text: magnetism himself. He extends his claws, waiting. Magneto and
text: Logan are in a stalemate. Magneto is trying to pull him over
text: the side, Logan keeps him from being able to climb to safety
text: by swiping at him with his claws.
text: All of this ends when Sabertooth comes up behind Logan, yanks
text: him up by the neck and throws him over and off the top of the
text: torch. Magneto, who is still holding Logan, is yanked
text: violently upward and has to grab onto the remains of the
dialog: railing for dear life.
dialog: 102.
text: Sabertooth jumps after Logan, who has fallen from the torch
text: and landed between two spires on the crown of the statue.
text: Fight ensues between Sabertooth and Logan resulting in the
dialog: decimation of the crown as well as each other. Slash, heal,
text: slash, healm and so on. They fall through a hole they have
text: torn in the top of the head.
text: All of this is intercut with fight scene between the X-Men
text: and the brotherhood. Toad and Pyro are killed in particularly
text: gruesome and just ways, while Mystique ends up chasing Rogue
text: into a confrontation, the end of which we do not witness,
dialog: leaving us hanging.
text: Magneto is making his escape,, having climbed to the bottom
text: of the statue when he is ambushed by all the other X-Men
text: (Storm, Jean, Beast, Cyclops) He manages to hold them all off
text: in a spectacular display of his powex.
text: This is intercut with the winding down of the fight between
text: Sabertooth and Logan. They are literally beaten to near death
text: and are sluggishly trying to finish one another off.
text: They come to rest at the feet of Magneto in the main room of
text: the base of the statue.
text: We reveal that Magneto has Storm, Cyclops, Jean and Beast all
text: pinned with twisted metal innards from the statue itself.
text: Sharp spires are slowly creeping toward their throats,
text: threatening to kill them.
text: Logan and Sabertooth are nearly oblivious, until finally
text: Logan pounds Sabertooth into unconsciousness, standing over
dialog: him/ extending his claws for the kill:
dialog: (We now resume our regularly-scheduled screenplay
scene_heading: IHT. BASE OP STATUE
text: Logan kneels over Sabertooth, who struggles to fight him
text: still. Logan cocks his fist back, claws gleaming and
text: slathered with blood.
text: His rage now at a high like we have never seen and finally
text: with good reason, Logan stands, gathering all his strength
dialog: for the death blow when:
text: HIS CLAWS RETRACT AS HE SWINGS. The kill becomes a punch and
text: nothing more, knocking Sabertooth senseless.
text: The X-Men, despite their predicament, are all moved.
text: Logan collapses and rolls away. He and Sabertooth lie panting
text: in a pool of their own blood, their wounds healing instantly.
dialog: 103.
text: Magneto smiles ironically.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: All for nothing. The moral of tonight's
dialog: performance.
text: The metal trapping the X-Men tightens its grip, squeezing the
text: air out of them while sharp shards push into gore them to
dialog: death.
text: Jean tries as best she can to fight him. The two powers
dialog: clash.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: It wouldn't have worked, Max. You're
dialog: machine was flawed. The mutations burned
dialog: twice as bright for half as long. Less in
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: A concept you will come to understand.
dialog: Now stop resisting the inevitable.
text: Out of the corner of her eye, Jean catches a shadow of
text: movement behind Magneto.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What good will killing us do? Aren't we
dialog: like you, Max. Don't our deaths at least
dialog: mean murder to you?
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: It is treason what you've done tonight
dialog: and you will be treated as traitors are.
text: And ROGUE COMES OUT OF THE SHADOWS BEHIND MAGNETO, sneaking
text: towards him. All of the X-Men try to hide their reactions of
text: sudden hope. Jean continues to stall.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: If you kill us now, you'll never find out
dialog: where the rest of the adamantium is. And
text: the creeping metal stops, creeps back a
dialog: bit.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: What is this?
text: And as Rogue gets within a few feet of him, she MORPHS back
text: into Mystique - all hope dying with the transformation.
dialog: 104.
text: The X-Men slump with a final sense of defeat.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Logan looks up, but cannot move. His hand merely twitches...
text: Claws extending a few inches.
speaker_heading: MYSTIQUE
dialog: Don't listen to them. It's a trap.
text: Surprised, Magneto turns to her, the metal easing back
dialog: further.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: MYSTIQUE
speaker_heading: THIS.
text: And she lunges, grabbing his face with her hands MORPHING
text: BACK INTO ROGUE - her real identity.
text: A TERRIBLE SHUDDER THROUGHOUT THE STATUE. A RUMBLING TO THE
scene_heading: VERY FOUNDATION.
text: Magneto opens his mouth is a silent scream as his power is
text: slowly sucked from him. Every piece of steel and iron metal
text: within a hundred feet is pulled inward, including the metal
text: around the X-Men, freeing them.
text: Rogue and Magneto are suddenly surrounded by a cage of
text: shrapnel as the statue's steel rivets pull loose one at a
text: time, threatening to bring the very structure down on top of
dialog: them.
text: Finally, Jean rushes forward. Unable to touch Rogue, she is
text: at a loss as to what to do.
speaker_heading: JEAN
scene_heading: ROGUE. STOP... ROGUE.
text: Rogue, herself in a rage not unlike Logan's/ finally gets
text: control of herself and releases Magneto just before bringing
text: down the house.
text: She pulls herself free as the metal around them closes in on
dialog: Magneto.
text: Storm, Beast and Cyclops stand around Rogue, careful not to
text: touch her, but in their own way comforting her. She slowly
text: calms herself down from a rage to peace... then tears.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTY ISLAND
text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless
text: Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her in
text: storm's cloak, each with an arm around her.
text: Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall
text: where their boat is waiting.
text: But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the statue
text: and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the device
text: is held.
dialog: With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to
text: light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYES.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS ISLAND
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: For you, the leaders of the world...
dialog: for your people... For all mankind... I
dialog: say let us shed the prejudices of the
dialog: world we have left behind. LET US AT LAST
scene_heading: EMBRACE ONE ANOTHER AS EQUALS.
text: Behind him, THE TORCH ON THE STATUE EXPLODES IN A FIERY BALL
text: in a magnificent denouement.
text: PAUSE - the stunned dignitaries not expecting anything to
text: follow the first unexpected display.
text: The President is more shocked than anyone.
scene_heading: INT. WESTCHESTER MANSION - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Scott and Jean are huddled together on sofa, sleeping.
text: Storm sits wide awake, staring into space, deep in thought.
text: Rogue paces back and forth nervously.
text: No one is really listening to the television.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
text: SOMETHING PERTAINING TO RESULTS OF STATUE
dialog: CONFRONTATION) each country represented
dialog: at the assembly had someone to blame.
dialog: Israel blamed Palestinian separatists,
dialog: while the Australian's blamed the French.
dialog: Finally the German delegate chimed in
dialog: saying it was the work of Mutant
dialog: extremists as a demonstration of power to
dialog: the U.N. as a whole.
dialog: 106.
text: THE IMAGE ON THE SCREEN TO ONE OF THOSE PHOTO OPS. The
text: president signing some sort of document on his desk while a
text: million flash bulbs record it.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (CONT'D)
text: This cry was heard the loudest only a few
dialog: days after the President vetoed the
dialog: mutant registration act with almost no
dialog: opposition. The word from capital hill is
dialog: that the bill lost most of its momentum
text: in the wake if the still unexplained
dialog: disappearance of Senator Scott Frank
dialog: Kelly last week.
dialog: Rogue hears that much.
speaker_heading: ROGUE
dialog: Ha.
text: Just then, the door to the lab opens and all eyes turn toward
text: it. Jean and Scott stir and sit up as Xavier and Beast come
text: out into the hall.
text: Everyone waits with baited breath for something... anything.
text: AND LOGAN EMERGES. He sees to limp a little, most likely
text: tender all over and will be for some time. But his injuries
dialog: are not the concern just now. The issue today is his uniform.
speaker_heading: CYCLOPS
dialog: Well... I have to say... You look pretty
dialog: cool.
text: It is a uniform not too unlike the one he was wearing, not
text: too unlike the others. But his seems to be more severe, more
dialog: menacing, indeed more of an expression of the Logan we have
dialog: come to know. His new gloves are complete with specially
text: designed, reinforced holes to allow the claws to extend and
dialog: retract, which they do even now the way one might stretch
text: one's fingers before playing the piano.
text: All in all, it is a uniform, but it in no way obscures the
dialog: individual
text: They all move closer, smiling, almost laughing. Logan looks
text: at them a little awkwardly.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Welcome home, Logan.
speaker_heading: ALL /STAGGERED
dialog: Welcome home.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: What do you guys think about "Wolverine?"
dialog: We'll cut away now to spare everyone the agony of watching a
text: group hug.
scene_heading: INT. PLASTIC PRISOV - DAT
scene_heading: A CLEAR, PLASTIC HALLWAY
dialog: That's right, PLASTIC. Everything we can see - walls,
text: ceiling, floor - is made, entirely, of thick, clear plastic.
text: DOWN THIS HALL TO:
scene_heading: A THICK PLASTIC CELL
text: There, in the middle, at a clear plastic desk, with two clear
text: plastic cups filled with the only thing of color other than
text: the two men in the room.
dialog: Xavier and Magneto.
text: They play a friendly game of chess.
text: Magneto is notably without his trademark helmet.
text: Xavier is in a modified plastic chair with plastic wheels.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of
dialog: the night? The feeling that some day,
dialog: some day very soon, they will pass that
dialog: foolish law - or one just like it - and
dialog: they will come for you and your children?
dialog: Take you all away?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: It does indeed, Max.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: And what do you do when you wake up to
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I feel a great swell of pity for the poor
dialog: soul who comes to that school looking for
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: That's no answer.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: No... I suppose it isn't.
text: Xavier makes a move, Magneto counters. Xavier moves again.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: Why do we play this game, Xavier?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Perhaps because we are each the only one
dialog: the other trusts not to cheat.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: But you must know that it is a war. And
dialog: to win a war takes the will to fight it
dialog: at all costs, by any means necessary. For
dialog: that reason, I will alvays be at an
dialog: advantage. No matter how you trap me, how
dialog: I am contained -
text: Chess pieces seem to visually mimic their conversation,
text: Xavier's white pieces slowly surrounding Magneto's Black
dialog: King.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: I will always find an escape.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: But you seem to forget one little thing.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO (CONT'D)
dialog: And what is that?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: That I can simply read your mind, Max.
dialog: And I will always know your next move.
dialog: And with that.
text: Xavier makes one, placing his queen gently down, taking away
dialog: a knight.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Check.
text: Just then, the door to the cell opens. A Guard waits.
text: Magneto and Xavier stare at one another with a strange
text: rivalrous smile before Xavier turns and wheels himself out of
dialog: the room.
text: The door closes behind him, leaving Magneto alons with his
text: plastic chess set in his plastic cell.
dialog: 109.
text: And Magneto looks at the pieces before him.
dialog: Something occurs
text: to him. He smiles a wicked smile.
text: And his rook LEVITATES, despite its properties, moving across
text: the board and toppling Xavier's king.
speaker_heading: MAGNETO
dialog: And mate.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
dialog: 
