dialog: YOU
speaker_heading: WERE
speaker_heading: NEVER
speaker_heading: REALLY
speaker_heading: HERE.
dialog: Screenplay by Lynne Ramsay
dialog: Based on the novella by Jonathan Ames
scene_heading: GOLDENROD REVISIONS: 8.29.16
scene_heading: GREEN REVISIONS: 8.24.16
scene_heading: YELLOW REVISIONS: 8.17.16
scene_heading: PINK REVISIONS: 8.5.16
scene_heading: BLUE REVISIONS: 7.25.16
scene_heading: WHITE SHOOTING SCRIPT: 7.14.16
scene_heading: INT. TITLES SEQUENCE 1
text: Close-up: An adult man’s mouth under water (Joe). He gulps in
dialog: water.
dialog: E.C.U:
text: A CLEAR PLASTIC BAG, filled with air, stretched smooth.
text: The inside surface mists - droplets of moisture form - break
text: into miniature rivulets...
text: O.S. The whisper of a BOY’S VOICE (Young Joe) counting down -
dialog: “...1001, 1000, 999, 998, 997..."
text: With a sharp inhale the clear plastic inverts.
text: The face of A MAN (Joe) as the bag is suddenly sucked hard
text: onto his skin, distorting his features into an inhuman mask.
text: O.S. The boy’s counting suspends. The faint beat of a pulse
text: rises to replace it.
text: The man exhales. The bag balloons again, clouding with his
text: breath. The man breathes again, slowly, the plastic bag
text: balloons and inverts.
text: O.S. The boy’s monotone whisper resumes -
dialog: “...996, 995, 994..."
text: The man never blinks beneath the plastic, eyes unseeing, its
text: rise and fall around his mouth and nose the only sign of
dialog: life.
scene_heading: TITLES END.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, CINCINNATI - NIGHT 2
text: MONTAGE - glimpses of a methodical process. Camera tight,
dialog: sounds heightened...
text: A GIRL’S FACE, filling the frame - a passport style
dialog: photograph...
text: ...16-years-old, smiling, a hint of lip gloss and eye shadow,
text: lightly Latin features. The image appears to dance and
text: flicker with an inner light.
text: Slowly at first the picture darkens, then rapidly distorts
text: and blackens. With a HISS fire and smoke erupt through the
text: girls face as the photograph curls up in flame.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 1A.
text: WIDER: The burning shards of photograph drop into a small
text: metal trash can.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 2.
text: The rising smoke is staunched with a heavy bound book dumped
text: onto the rim of the trash can -
speaker_heading: HOLY BIBLE
text: QUICK CUTS: A man’s hands, pries open a cell phone - pink
text: case, appliqué plastic gemstones, dangling charm - removing
text: the battery and SIM card.
text: Large tacky gold earrings slide into a zip-lock plastic bag.
text: A cheap gold necklace follows; the pendant reads ‘SANDY’.
text: The bag is sealed.
text: The hands hold open a white plastic laundry bag. Items laid
text: out on the bed are —scooped into the bag one by one:-
dialog: A baseball cap...
text: A roll of silver duct tape...
text: A bundle of heavy duty black plastic zip ties...
text: CLOSE ON: A ceiling smoke detector as the condom that has
text: been stretched over it is pulled free.
text: The blackened scraps from the trash can are shaken into the
text: laundry bag.
text: A flip form prepaid cell phone as it strains between gloved
text: hands. With a CRACK the hinge shatters. The two halves go
text: into the laundry bag.
text: A BALL PEEN HAMMER, lying the length of a bathroom hand
text: towel. FRESH BLOOD on its head. The hammer is wiped with the
text: towel and both items drop into the laundry bag. The bag is
dialog: closed tight.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR, 2ND FLOOR, CINCINNATI - NIGHT 3
text: Low angle on the man’s torso as he emerges, the laundry bag
text: dangling at his hip.
text: CLOSE ON the bag as he makes his way stealthily down the
text: dingy corridor.
text: Rounding a corner a WOMAN hones into view.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 3.
text: The man hangs back. With her back to him the Woman tweaks
text: down the hem of her barely there skirt, then struts away to
text: the waiting elevator.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A hotel cleaning service trolley, left by the door to the
text: service stairwell. The man dumps the bag in the trash and
text: slips through the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY, CINCINNATI - NIGHT 4
text: The check-in desk is unmanned.
text: O.S. The 10 O’clock headlines on WKRC Local 12 news.
text: The man moves silently from the stairwell fire door, his head
text: shrouded by his jacket hood.
text: A portable TV flickers in a back room - a glimpse of the fat
text: belly of the RECEPTIONIST in front of it as the man glides
dialog: past...
text: He stops short of the glass doors leading into the street as
text: a POLICE CRUISER’S lights kick in outside.
text: Head down, he pauses to one side of the doors, his back
text: pressed against the wall.
text: THE MAN’S VIEW: through the doors is a sliver of street
text: activity - the Police Cruiser idles 20 yards from the Hotel
text: as cops on the sidewalk size up the local dregs.
text: The Hotel Receptionist moves an unseen item of food from his
text: lap to his mouth.
text: Tensions rise on the street, a cop’s hand drops to his
dialog: holster...
text: The Hotel desk phone rings. The Receptionist begins to stand
text: eyes still glued to the screen...
text: The Man swiftly doubles back through the lobby to the service
dialog: stairwell...
scene_heading: INT. NIGHT. HOTEL CORRIDOR 1ST FLOOR, CINCINNATI - NIGHT 5
text: The man slips from the stairwell, past the open elevator and
text: down the corridor to the fire exit doors at the far end...
text: Throughout his—passage through the hotel nobody has seen him.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 4.
scene_heading: EXT. CINCINNATI HOTEL FIRE EXIT, BACK ALLEY - NIGHT 6
text: HIGH ANGLE as the fire exit swings open and the man slips
dialog: out.
text: CLOSE ON: His impassive face - hard, mask-like, mournful
dialog: eyes.
text: This is JOE (35-45), plaid shirt, jacket, baseball cap under
text: raised hood.
text: JOE'S POV of the ground, dozens of dead birds litter the
text: alleyway around the exit.
text: Ahead of him a BLACK SUV eases across the mouth of the
text: alleyway, slowing to a halt.
text: Joe turns in the opposite direction...
text: Out of the shadow of a doorway, a MAN steps out behind him,
text: arm aloft, brandishing a blackjack.
text: Joe senses something behind him... The presence of life...
dialog: The coming of violence...
text: He turns in time to catch the blackjack on his left shoulder
text: instead of taking a brutal blow to the head.
text: Joe grabs his assailant’s wrist.
text: Joe brings his forehead down like a brick into the bridge of
text: the man’s nose... The sickening sound of splintering bone.
text: Blinded by red pain the man begins to double up. Joe brings
text: his knee up hard into his jaw.
text: He goes down, strings cut, paralyzed by fear.
text: Joe swings his head from left to right, shakes out his left
text: arm, trying to get life into it.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 5.
text: The assailant alone in the alley, vomits.
scene_heading: EXT. CINCINNATI STREET - NIGHT 7
text: The passenger door of a yellow cab slams shut to reveal its
dialog: emblem;
dialog: G&Y Cab of Cincinnati.
speaker_heading: JOE (0.S.)
dialog: Airport.
scene_heading: INT. CINCINNATI TAXI - NIGHT 8
text: CLOSE ON: the tired lined mouth of the ELDERLY CAB DRIVER as
text: he replies with a grunt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe stares ahead.
text: Joe's POV in the rear view mirror as the cab driver’s lips
text: dip in an out of view in the strobing streetlights.
text: The driver appears to silently mouth.
dialog: “You"
dialog: “Were”
dialog: “Never”
dialog: “Really”
dialog: “Here”...
text: Each word appears on screen as a title, then fades, as the
text: driver appears to speak them.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 6.
scene_heading: INT. NYC AIRPORT ARRIVALS HALL - NIGHT 9
text: CLOSE ON the spinning pad of a floor polisher - its DRONE
text: reverberates around the empty arrivals hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: WIDE on a lone TEENAGE GIRL asleep on a bench, her head
text: propped on her knapsack.
text: Bent double at a water fountain, Joe watches her from across
text: the gleaming concourse, his face shaded under the brim of his
text: cap. He takes a mouthful of water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LA GUARDIA AIRPORT ARRIVALS HALL - MOMENTS LATER 10
text: Joe's fingers tapping digits on a pay phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe’s mouth pressed to the receiver.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It’s done.
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSINGTON, BROOKLYN - NIGHT 11
text: The suburban neighborhood sleeps through the dead of night.
text: Joe steps out of an NYC Yellow Cab and waits on the kerb;
text: watching till it turns out of view at the far intersection.
text: With his head down he walks to the other end of the avenue
text: before slinking a footpath between blocks.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 12
text: Joe approaches the back entrance to the house on the end of a
text: row and stoops down, removing a THIN WOODEN BATON from under
text: the door sill. He slips it behind the drainpipe.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 6A.
text: Taking care to make no sound he turns his key in the lock and
text: eases the back door open.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 7.
text: O.S. The faint METALLIC SOUND of footsteps and the clink of
dialog: glass.
text: His hand still on the door Joe’s attention is on the fire
text: escape of the block overlooking his house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SKINNY TEENAGE BOY (MOISES, 14) crouches on the 3rd floor
text: fire gantry, his body frozen as he holds down smoke from the
text: joint in his hand. A 2nd BOY is climbing through an open
text: apartment window to join him - two beer bottles in one hand.
text: Moises and Joe’s looks hold.
text: A beat - Moises’ expression melts from recognition to fear as
text: he lets go of his lungful of marijuana.
text: Joe turns away, closing his back door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 13
text: Joe stands in the doorway to the living room as cold light
text: dances on his face.
text: O.S. TV sound blaring - The Bad and the Beautiful on TCM
text: JOE'S MOTHER (80s) - in house dress and slippers - is asleep
text: in a chair. On the wall above her a framed photograph of
text: JOE'S LATE FATHER in Marine Corps dress uniform. The TV
text: reflects on the glasses slumped on the bridge of her nose.
text: Joe flicks off the TV plunging the room into stillness.
text: He removes her glasses with care, setting them down on a
text: table beside her HEARING AID.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 14
text: Joe stands at the foot of the stairs. His mother is obscured
text: from view by the bannister.
speaker_heading: JOE'S MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I’m not a baby.
text: She steps into view as Joe steps back to let her pass. She
text: takes the stairs, moving at a snail’s pace, one step to the
dialog: next.
text: ON Joe as he watches her tedious progress upstairs.
dialog: 15
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 7A.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 15
text: Joe places his mother delicately on her bed, drawing up the
dialog: covers.
text: The window is ajar. The curtain billows as a chill blows
text: through the room.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 8.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe as he pulls the window to.
text: O.S. A sharp creak from the bed.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It's freezing Mom...
text: He turns back to the window. His hand rests on the handle.
text: A beat.
text: In one fell swoop Joe fastens the window shut and breaks from
text: the room, never looking back over to his Mother’s bed.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 16
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - NIGHT 17
text: Joe lies rigid on top of his bed covers. His eyes pop open,
text: he cannot move, he tries to scream, no sound comes out, an
text: episode of night terrors. (o.s) The sound of dripping water.
text: He struggles to let out a moan. He is now awake, sweating.
text: Joe sits up in bed, we see a vicious bruise on his left
text: shoulder. His body, a network of scars.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 9.
text: O.S. Water POURS and SPLASHES insistently
text: In one clean move Joe bolts from the bed to the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 18
text: Behind Joe as he watches his mother from his bedroom.
text: The bathroom door is ajar.
text: The Mothers pewter hair, reaches her waist. She is wrapped in
text: her robe, giving herself a shampoo in the hand basin. She
text: rinses, then throws her head back, like a young woman. The
text: hair snaps out in an arc, like a long silvery rope.
text: OFF Joe’s look - the floor of the bathroom is awash with
text: soapy water. Joe sighs at the sight of the soapy water
text: cumulating on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 19
text: Joe on his hands and knees, works a towel to soak up the
text: soapy water from the tile.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAWN 20
text: The radio is on - very loud - a 40’S CROONER.
text: Joe stands in the kitchen, wearing a suit and tie. His
text: mother’s frail wrinkled hands smooth out his unkempt hair,
text: her hands move to his beard which she also attempting to
dialog: groom.
speaker_heading: JOES MOTHER’
dialog: Why do you hide that beautiful
dialog: face?
text: She then straightens and adjusts his tie. Joe’s face, mildly
dialog: annoyed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe's mother’s frail hands crack two eggs into a frying pan,
text: the sizzling oil mute beneath the drone of the radio. Her
text: deaf ears oblivious to the noise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON Joe’s fingertip as it pokes into the middle of one
text: of the frying eggs, destroying the perfect sunny side up. She
text: turns to him, annoyed.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 9A.
text: He smiles at her. She can’t help but laugh. Then shoos him
text: away, turning back to the stove.
text: Joe sits at the kitchen table.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: A21
speaker_heading: B21
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 10.
text: He faces his mother’s back.
text: His mother glances back to him.
text: She smiles turns back.
text: Joe's POV CLOSE ON his mother’s frail hands as she struggles
text: to lift the weight of the frying pan from the stove.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, MOTHER'S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING (LATER) 21
text: Joe and his mother sit at the table in silence, their
dialog: breakfast finished.
text: O.S. The radio still droning.
text: She is looking at him, questioning. She widens her eyes
dialog: asking without words... ‘Where have you been?’.... ‘What do
dialog: you do?’
text: She tilts her head, raises her shoulders - her eyes
text: searching his with sympathy and a deep resignation.
text: Joe mimics her gesture like a mime.
text: She throws her hands up - mad at him - and moves unsteadily
dialog: to clear the plates.
text: Joe puts his hands over hers to stop her, takes the plate and
text: moves to the sink. She watches his shoulders as he begins to
dialog: wash-up.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. A21
text: Joe sits on the edge of his bed, his shirt slipped down off
text: one arm. He holds an ice pack to the deep bruise blooming
text: across his right shoulder. Frozen. The other hand works a
dialog: stress ball for exercise..
speaker_heading: JOE'S MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Joe?.... Joe?
text: Joe visibly tenses.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE BATHROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. B21
text: Joe stands resting his forehead against the wall. 0.S. We
text: hear the sound of the toilet flushing. Joe moves away with
dialog: resignation.
dialog: 22
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 10A.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 22
text: TCM blares from the TV. Joe’s mother watches from her
text: armchair.
text: Joe sits on a couch close to his mother, he is falling
text: asleep. His tie is undone, his suit jacket resting on a
dialog: chair.
scene_heading: O.S. OLD WESTERN ON TV - COWBOYS AND INDIANS GUNFIRE.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 11.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSTY GROUND - DUSK (JOE’S MEMORY) 23
text: CLOSE ON: A pair of girl’s BARE FEET lying on dusty ground.
text: Her heels intermittently kick at the earth beneath her.
text: A miniature ditch dug in the sand.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY(LATER - BACK TO 24
speaker_heading: PRESENT)
text: Blinding sunlight glints off a framed photograph of a YOUNGER
text: JOE in ceremonial military dress.
text: Sunrise touches the living room walls.
text: Joe’ Mother is in her armchair in front of the TV.
scene_heading: EXT. JOE’S MOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY 25
text: Through the LIVING ROOM WINDOW - Joe’s Mother stares past the
text: TV to the street. A smile on her face, turns to a darker past
dialog: memory...
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. 26
text: Joe sits upright on a chair that he’s dragged into the open
text: doorway of the walk-in cupboard. DRY CLEANING covers hang by
text: his head.
text: CLOSE ON - Joe’s feet. His shoelaces are untied. He uses
text: one foot to lever off a shoe. He places a socked foot onto
text: the floorboards ahead of him - the floorboard creaks as he
text: places his weight.
text: A bare patch of skin above Joe’s sock reveals an old but
dialog: pronounced scar.
text: Joe has a belt looped around his neck, the end of the belt is
text: looped over a clothing rail, he pulls tightly on the belt.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY 27
text: Late afternoon sun.
text: Joe & his Mother are sat across the corner of the dining
text: table. Open in front of them is a large mahogany CUTLERY
text: CASE. They are both engrossed in polishing its contents.
dialog: Joe's mother sings “A you’re adorable” as they clean, they
text: both sign out each letter of the alphabet.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 11A.
text: The Mother’s frail hands move slowly. Joe buffs like a
dialog: machine.
text: He holds a silver SOUP SPOON right in front of his mother’s
text: mouth. She exhales onto the back of the spoon. Joe gives it
text: a finishing rub.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: 29A
dialog: 30
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 12.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (LATER) 28
text: CLOSE ON - JOE prizes open a tin of BICARBONATE OF SODA.
text: Heavily tarnished silverware lies in a baking tray on the
text: dining table - larger items, serving spoons, a ladle.
text: Joe scatters BICARBONATE onto them.
text: He unscrews the cap of a bottle of white vinegar and passes
dialog: it to his mother.
text: With trembling hands she pours it over the cutlery. The
text: Bicarbonate foams up impressively.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON. 29
text: CLOSE ON: Joe Mother’s hearing aid, tucked behind her ear.
text: She is back in front of the TV - a blanket across her knees.
text: At the dining table Joe fits the last of the immaculately
text: cleaned silver back into its case.
speaker_heading: JOE'S MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: How’s Janice?
text: CLOSE ON: a FORK slots into it’s place.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: We broke up in High School Mom.
text: The MAHOGANY CASE in closed and latched.
scene_heading: EXT. ANGEL’S BODEGA - NEXT MORNING 29A
text: Joe stands caddy corner looking towards the window of a
text: bodega. He checks his watch; 9AM.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - LATER 30
text: Joe sits on the edge of the bed, he is wearing jeans and
text: sleeveless T-shirt, his hands wrapped around his own neck,
text: pressure applied to his throat, his face, beat red.
speaker_heading: JOE'S MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Joe... Joe..
text: Joe lets out a deep sigh, Joe on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: LATER:
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 12A.
text: Joe sobbing like a baby.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 13.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR ENTRANCE, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 31
text: Joe takes the baton from its hiding place behind the
text: drainpipe and stoops to carefully position it under the door
text: sill - tucking it out of casual view - then slips into the
text: deserted alley.
text: He has a way of moving quickly, invisibly. Hardly anyone has
dialog: seen him enter this house, ever.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET ACROSS FROM SIXTY THIRD DRIVE - DAY 32
text: Joe leans against a wall. He watches the store across the
dialog: street.
text: ‘ANGEL'S BODEGA’...
text: ‘24/7 ‘ALWAYS OPEN!’
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT ABOVE ANGEL'S BODEGA - DAY 33
text: Joe's POV - a STOUT MAN comes to the upstairs window. He
text: peeps through the dirty net curtains, then moves out of
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET ACROSS FROM SIXTY THIRD DRIVE - DAY 34
text: Joe checks his watch (black, analogue dial, Military issue).
text: ...a few seconds till 10 a.m.
text: Joe's POV - in the Bodega window, a sign reading:
text: Egg and Bacon Sandwich $1.50. In removable letters, like a
text: cinema sign.
text: The silhouette of the same stout man from upstairs reaches
text: into the window display and removes the sign.
dialog: Beat.
text: The man replaces the sign. The letters now read:
dialog: Egg and Bacons Sandwich $1.50
text: Joe registers the misspelled sign - his cue from the dead
text: drop. He heads across the road to the Bodega.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 14.
scene_heading: INT. ANGEL'S BODEGA - DAY 35
text: The shop is empty of customers.
text: O.S. A crude bell ring from the opening door.
text: Moises, the tall skinny kid who spotted Joe entering his
text: Mom’s house, busies himself rearranging goods on the shelf
text: beside the counter. He immediately averts his gaze from Joe.
text: His hands are shaking.
text: The loud clatter of a stack of tomato cans falling to the
text: floor. They roll asunder in an aisle.
text: ANGEL, a stout middle-aged man, emerges from the stock room
text: with an angry look to Moises.
text: Joe quickly moves towards the stockroom, Angel follows.
scene_heading: INT. ANGEL'S BODEGA, STOCK ROOM - DAY 36
text: Angel grabs a small step stool and places it on the floor, he
text: climbs up and reaches into a broken ceiling tile. His hand
text: fishes around for a moment, he pulls out an envelope that he
text: hands to Joe.
text: Joe opens the envelope, takes out a bound $5000 wad. He
text: skims $500 and hands it back to ANGEL, who immediately pushes
text: it into his shirt top pocket.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: The man called... He wants to see
dialog: you. Right away.
text: A small army of cockroaches scoot across the chipped floor
text: tiles between the two men.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Did your son tell you he saw me?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (like a military response)
dialog: He was with friend, just a
dialog: coincidence.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Did he tell you where he saw me?
text: Angel hesitates.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: No, I knew you wouldn’t want me to
dialog: know...
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 15.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Moises didn’t mean to see you,
dialog: he’s a good boy....
text: Joe eyes bore into Angel, it is clear he isn’t lying.
text: Joe gives a slight shrug of resignation and closes his eyes
text: slowly and gently, almost as if he is falling asleep whilst
text: standing. He skims another $500 from his wad and hands it to
dialog: Angel.
text: There's a looks of sadness in Angel’s eyes as he takes it -
dialog: this is severance pay and he knows it. His days as Joe’s
dialog: dead drop have been terminated.
text: Joe exits the back room without speaking, moving in the
dialog: liquid way that is his custom.
scene_heading: INT. QUEENS PLAZA SUBWAY STATION, F LINE PLATFORM - DAY 37
text: Joe stands sentinel on the platform edge, his baseball cap
dialog: pulled low.
text: Further up the platform a YOUNG WOMAN with a bruise under her
text: eye stares impassively toward Joe.
text: O.S. The rattle of an approaching train rises in volume.
text: CLOSE ON Joe's feet as he begins to step across the yellow
text: line that marks the platform safe zone. Mid stride his foot
text: hovers momentarily over the precipice...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The train strobes onto the platform with a deafening battle
text: of brakes and metal. Joe is gone.
scene_heading: INT. MIDDAY. MANHATTAN, 38TH STREET AND 8TH AVE - DAY 38
text: From the end of the corridor lobby Joe walks towards us.
text: Elevator doors begin to close around our view until a suited
text: arm appears in the field of vision and holds them back. The
text: doors shiver then begin to slide open again. Joe ignores
text: them and steps neatly off to one side - out of view.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BEIGE ACCOUNTANT TYPE slouched in the elevator - The man
text: who held the closing doors back. He scowls at his gesture
text: being ignored.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 15A.
text: Joe shades his eyes under his baseball cap, hits the bottom
text: of the stairwell. The Accountant shrugs, the elevator doors
dialog: push shut.
dialog: 39
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 16.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S OFFICE, 8TH FLOOR - MORNING 39
text: A man has his head tipped back, a blood soaked tissue clamped
text: to his nose. He breathes methodically through his mouth... *
text: He lifts the blood soaked tissue for Joe to see.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: How are you? *
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I didn’t try to kill myself
dialog: today.
text: WIDER - The room is cluttered with ornate floral displays
text: parked up on the floor and filing cabinets.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: (laughing) *
dialog: The Cincinnati kid... Parents *
dialog: are... florists... *
text: Joe rubs his bruised shoulder. And smiles. He reaches forward
text: and grabs some candy from McCleary’s desk, his tone shifts... *
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Get rid of Angel’s number I’'11l
dialog: find a new service.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: (a little thrown)
dialog: Okay no problem...
text: McCleary reaches for the Rolodex and scoots it
text: of the desk.. A big fat drop of blood splashes
dialog: index cards.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY (CONT’D)
dialog: ++-You could just call me
dialog: directly.
text: Joe, eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Why am I here?
text: McCleary sighs.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY.
dialog: State Senator Albert Votto...
text: Joe plays with the candy as McCleary continues.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: I ran his father’s security in
dialog: the 80s?... Lost touch with him
dialog: after the arraignment, then -
text: poof - aneurysm burst in his
dialog: brain...
dialog: 17.
dialog: to the middle
text: onto the white
text: McCleary wipes the last of the blood from his nose.
dialog: *
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 18.
text: Joe now half asleep, closes his eyes again.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY (CONT’D)
dialog: The wife, Votto Jr's wife,
dialog: kills herself a couple of years
dialog: ago. Not a good look in
dialog: politics. Their daughter's been
dialog: running away from home ever
dialog: since. Picked up by the Albany
dialog: police every time. A ‘problem
dialog: child’.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you fucking going to sleep
dialog: again on me you bastard?
text: Joe now awake.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY (CONT’D)
dialog: Votto calls me this morning,
dialog: she’s been missing all weekend.
dialog: Doesn't want the cops involved -
dialog: now that he’s in Senator
dialog: Williams camp. Too much heat
dialog: from the press.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ...What’s the lead?
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: He got an anonymous text...
text: Joe, barely listening.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Uh, Uh.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: +H HH HF
speaker_heading: +H HK
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 19.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He wants to meet you in person.
text: McCleary reaches out a sealed brown envelope.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You're fucking kidding... why?
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: Five grand. That’s ten percent
dialog: of your cut.
text: McCleary catches Joe’s look as he slides the envelope
dialog: forward...
text: He consults a sheet of paper on the desk.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY (CONT’D)
dialog: [His Club] Be there at 2 P.m... And
dialog: try and behave. Remember Joe, 4 out
dialog: of 5 people enjoy Gang Rape.
dialog: Where shall I have your flowers
dialog: sent?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You keep them John, they really
text: tie the room together.
text: McCleary references the photo of his [deceased] wife.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY
dialog: Josephine loved flowers and
dialog: shit, God bless her. Never saw
dialog: the point to them myself - die
dialog: anyway and stink up the place.
text: McCleary indicates at the brown envelope on the desk.
text: Joe stands, takes the brown envelope, taps it against
text: McCleary’s desk, heads for the door.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 20.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Thanks John.
speaker_heading: MCCLEARY (0.S)
dialog: Josephine Two’ll be out of dry
dialog: dock thanks to this. Gonna
dialog: drive her through the harbour
text: with a fucking firework parade.
dialog: You, me, steaks and cold
dialog: beers... the setting sun...
dialog: Whatcha say to that...
text: Joe filps McCleary the bird.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 40
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STAIRWELL, OFFICE BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER 4l
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s feet pounding rhythmically down the steps.
text: Joe’s POV - a rush towards the fire door at the foot of the
dialog: stairs.
text: The low end HISS rising in pitch and volume...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 42
text: Joe checks his watch - 1:45pm. Joe sits in the lobby of the
text: Lotte hotel. Joe notices a group of young Chinese girls who
text: are laughing and taking selfies.
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: *
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 21.
text: They wait with their high-end luggage, a bellhop comes and
text: puts their luggage on a cart. Joe takes notice of a distinct
text: mole on upper lip of one of these girls.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK, NYC DOCKS, FBI RAID - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 43
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS, CLOSE ON TWO DEAD GIRLS. CHINESE, A DISTINCT MOLE
text: ON ONE OF THEIR UPPER LIPS.
text: CLOSER: The mouth strained wide...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 44
text: Joe, at odds with the finery of the ornate lobby, moves with
text: purpose towards the elevators. Old-school bellhops hold the
text: doors open for the clientele.
text: Joe breezes by, pulling the peak of his ballcap low over his
text: brow. He steps neatly through the door to the service
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STAIRWELL, LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL - DAY 45
text: Joe makes his way up, head tucked low, his face obscured from
text: the gaze of the CCTV cameras on every landing.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S SUITE, LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL - DAY 46
text: A YOUNG MALE ASSISTANT (20s) opens the double doors.
text: A huge suite, sumptuously decorated - original artwork on the
dialog: walls.
text: A hard, high backed dining chair has been placed facing the
text: sofa. It stands isolated on a sea of thick carpeting.
text: A HANDSOME MAN (40s) is sitting on a sofa, elegantly dressed.
text: He takes to his feet, bounds to Joe.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Albert Votto...
dialog: (offering his hand)
dialog: Joe isn’t it... Joe or Joseph?
text: The Assistant delicately closes the double doors behind him,
text: leaving Votto and Joe alone. Joe is sweating hard from his
text: walk up the 52 flights of stairs.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Joe...
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 21a.
text: Votto has Joe’s hand in a firm handshake. He places his
text: other hand on top of Joe’s - intimate, smiling warmly.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 22.
speaker_heading: vVoTTto.
dialog: Thank you for taking the time
dialog: to see me Joe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: McCleary said you were the best
dialog: in the business...
dialog: (grins)
text: Joe still breathing heavy from his walk. Votto releases his
dialog: grip.
text: He gestures Joe to sit.
dialog: They sit,
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: My father’s the one who knew
dialog: McCleary I was just a boy.
dialog: Trusted him with his life.
text: a sleek coffee table lies between the two men.
text: Joe removes his baseball cap.
text: Joe nods.
speaker_heading: vVoTTto.
dialog: So... ex-FBI, ex-Marine Corps
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Iraq or Afghanistan?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq in
dialog: Ninety One.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Nobody died in that one right?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Nobody died.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: We fight good wars sometimes.
dialog: That was a good one.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 23.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ..-Afghanistan in 2001, Iraq
dialog: 2003.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: ..-A decade in service.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And the FBI?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Sex-trafficking task force...
dialog: My work for McCleary... more or
dialog: less the same thing.
text: Votto’s phone on the coffee table buzzes. He glances at it,
text: doesn’t pick up. It drops to voicemail, stops
text: vibrating...then buzzes again.
text: Votto snatches it up, skims his thumb down the screen.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Fuck.
dialog: (As if the name of the
dialog: state capitol were
dialog: poison)
dialog: Albany. (something about
dialog: political stuff)
text: He stands and grasps a clear plastic file and places it in
text: front of Joe.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: I got a text message this
text: morning. Anonymous.
text: Joe reads the text as Votto paces.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (by heart)
dialog: ‘Your daughter is at 544 West
dialog: 38th street I couldn’t live
dialog: with myself if I didn’t let you
dialog: know’....
text: Joe leans forward and leafs through the loose assortment of
text: print-outs in the file - scans of Family photographs.
text: A PRETTY LITTLE RICH GIRL on a pony.
scene_heading: AN EXTREMELY ATTRACTIVE WOMAN (40s).
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 24.
text: Joe slides a small instant photographic print from the back
text: of the file. Overexposed by the flash, a close-up selfie of
text: the girl - she is giving a cute sidelong look and has her
text: index finger raised to her lips in a “Shhhhh” gesture.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: When was this taken?
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: It’s the most recent.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Was her hair still long when...
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: She has beautiful hair...
dialog: They never found her body
dialog: (his voice wavers)
text: Joe watches as Votto picks up a pack of Marlboros from the
text: arm of the sofa.
text: Votto tears into the seal and draws a cigarette to his mouth.
text: He pats down his pocket searching for a light. He takes the
text: cigarette from his lips, looks at it pitifully.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (mervous aside)
dialog: $25,000 a night and the State
dialog: of New York won’t even let me
dialog: light this on the terrace...
text: Votto picks up his phone, scrolls through his messages, hands
dialog: it to Joe.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Whoever sent the message
dialog: would've bought the phone...
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: (overlapping Joe)
dialog: ...It must be someone I know.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: .--sent the text, threw the
dialog: phone away.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: The police closed the
dialog: investigation I was left to
text: bury an empty casket.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 24A.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can’t know what that feels
dialog: like...
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 25.
text: Votto picks up one of the photos of Nina.
text: Joe places Votto’s phone down on the coffee table.
text: Votto paces, turning his cigarette pack in his hands.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (on his back)
dialog: Do you have children Joe?
text: Another photograph - formally posed, the girl wears a white
text: party dress as Votto holds her in an embrace, their eyes both
text: closed, his chin resting on the crown of her head.
text: Joe selects the earlier selfie of the girl AND A FAMILY
scene_heading: PORTRAIT - NINA between Her Mother and Father.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I’1l need these.
text: Votto nods. Joe slips it into his shirt top pocket.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Does your daughter take any
dialog: medication? Girls are often
dialog: kept sedated with morphine
dialog: derivatives.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: Anti-depressants... her mother
dialog: lived on them.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 26.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: What happens now? Let me give
dialog: you my number.
text: He has his phone in his hand.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I don’t have a phone.
text: Votto begins to pour himself a drink from a brandy
dialog: decanter.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: You go to the Senton Hotel, 39
text: West 27th St. Room 719.
dialog: -do not park out front.
speaker_heading: VOTTO
dialog: .--Room 719.
text: Votto, takes a beat, then...
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: You’1l find her for me Joe. I
dialog: know you will.
text: Joe stares ahead. Votto nods, grateful. Then realizing..
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 27.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Her name’s Nina. Did I mention
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 47
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR RENTAL - DAY 48
text: The CAR RENTAL REP’s hand (scarlet false nails) pass a set of
text: keys through the window.
text: Joe smiles charmingly. As he heads for the door, he passes
text: complimentary pastries and coffee - he picks up a paper
text: napkin from a pile...
scene_heading: EXT. CAR RENTAL LOT - DAY 49
text: Joe approaches his car - a Black 4-door Cadillac sedan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe pulls out of the Enterprise lot.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR, 38TH STREET - DAY 50
text: Joe's POV through the car window. He slows to a crawl as he
text: sizes up 544 west 38th Street.
text: CLOSE ON: the keypad intercom, a security camera under the
dialog: porch.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 28-28A.
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL CAR, MIDTOWN BASEMENT CAR PARK - DAY 51
text: Joe's RENTAL CAR drives down the entrance ramp, turns at the
text: bottom and weaves in amongst parked cars.
scene_heading: INT. PHARMACY - DAY 52
text: Joe, basket in hand. He drops in surgical adhesive tape and
text: plastic bottle of rubbing alcohol.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: On another aisle Joe picks up a tube of glue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The CASHIER rings up Joe’s items, make up removal wipes, a
text: box of sanitary napkins. Last out of the basket, a can of
text: Coke and bottle of mineral water.
text: Joe grabs a Hershel Bar from the rack beside the cash
text: register and adds it to the other items.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 53
text: Joe slips down the steps of a basement entrance in front of a
dialog: restaurant window.
text: (Several beats) Joe ascends the basement steps. He carries a
text: plastic bag emblazoned with CHINESE CHARACTERS and the logo
dialog: of an electrical goods vendor.
scene_heading: INT. MIDTOWN APARTMENT BUILDING CORRIDOR - NIGHT 54
text: Joe exits the service stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. MIDTOWN APARTMENT BUILDING CORRIDOR - NIGHT 55
text: A PREPPY UPSCALE COKE DEALER’s hands. A clear plastic vial
text: with a printed prescription label - Phyceptone - containing 5
text: white pills is passed to Joe’s hand, in exchange for $100
dialog: cash.
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE - NIGHT 56
text: He picks out a roll of DUCT TAPE, a BOX CUTTER and CABLE
speaker_heading: TIES.
text: ANGLE ON: a BALL PEEN HAMMER. Joe glances at the hammer.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 29.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN STREET - NIGHT 57
text: Manhattan bustles. Gaudy lights silhouette people moving
text: each and every way like ants along the side walk.
text: The street lights play across Joe's face - green, blue,
dialog: yellow...
text: He carries the hardware store bag. His eyes, shaded under the
text: baseball cap, occasionally catch a glint of colored light but
dialog: never blink.
scene_heading: INT. MIDTOWN BASEMENT CAR PARK - NIGHT 58
text: OFF BLACK: The trunk of the rental car swings open, revealing
text: Joe standing over it. He dumps his ‘tools’ in the trunk.
text: ANGLE ON: all of Joe’s shopping, laid out neatly inside.
text: The lid of the trunk slams shut.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN BATHS LOWER EAST SIDE, STEAM ROOM - NIGHT 59
text: NAKED MEN are shadows in the heavy fog of steam and greenish
text: light, heads bowed, eyes closed - sweating it out - a
text: Romanesque mist of pot bellies, muscles, tattoos.
text: Joe, his eyes half open, half closed, like a cat.
text: He stares at the naked bulb on the tiled wall opposite him.
text: O.S. A low rumble
text: CLOSE ON the bulb as it’s enveloped in steam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLD ROOM, RUSSIAN BATHS LOWER EAST SIDE - NIGHT 60
text: Joe lies on the surface of the pool.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 30.
scene_heading: EXT. US MILITARY BASE, KUWAIT - DAY (JOE’S MEMORY) 61
text: The searing midday sun.
text: A young Afghan girl is walking towards the camera, hand
dialog: outstretched.
text: A younger, Joe (20s fresh-faced, dressed in army fatigues) is
text: on the other side of a chainlink fence.
text: He sits on a crudely made bench, drinking coffee, eating an
dialog: MRE.
text: Beyond Joe 6 soldiers mill about and dance together to a 1991
text: Pop Hit playing from a parked vehicle in the background.
text: He takes note of the girl, reaches into his pocket and pulls
text: out a bar of chocolate.
scene_heading: EXT. KUWAIT DESERT 62
text: The girl smiles, candy bar in hand, turns from Joe and runs
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. KUWAIT - LATER 63
text: Joe looks up to the lone tree where the girl is sitting in
dialog: the shade.
text: A TEENAGE BOY (15) has approached her - he is standing above
text: her, holding his hand out.
text: The girls shakes her head, “No”.
text: The boy shouts something inaudible at the girl, his face
text: suddenly aggressive. She shakes her head again, trying to
text: hide the chocolate in the folds of her skirt.
text: The boy pulls a makarov pistol from his pocket - he shoots
text: the girl in the stomach, snatches the chocolate from her hand
text: and runs off.
text: A slow pool of blood forms around the girl as her bare heels
text: kick fast and furtively at the dusty ground.
scene_heading: EXT. US MILITARY BASE, KUWAIT - LATER STILL 64
text: Joe's POV - the girl’s legs are still kicking through the
text: dust but with increasing sluggishness.
text: CLOSE ON: the girl’s heels intermittently kick at the earth
text: beneath her - a miniature ditch dug in the sand with her
dialog: effort to retain life.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 30A.
text: CLOSER STILL: The movement of her heels begins to falter.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM, RUSSIAN BATHS LOWER EAST SIDE - NIGHT 65
text: Joe washes his hands in the sink, in the mirror he notices a
text: ghost like figure crossing behind him.
text: Water runs from the faucet. We notice the pulse in his
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 31.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR, MIDTOWN BASEMENT CAR PARK - NIGHT 66
text: Joe is wearing a new WORKMAN’S JACKET. A sales tag hangs
text: from the sleeve. He yanks it off.
text: His hands open the centre console between the driver and
text: front passenger seat - he neatly stashes the duct tape, cable
text: ties and a box cutter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The glove compartment flips open - rubbing alcohol, surgical
text: tape, make up wipes and sanitary napkins are placed inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The bottles of water and can of Coke are slotted into the
text: dash mounted drinks holders.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Through the car windscreen: Joe, focused, is sat in the
dialog: drivers seat.
text: He unsheathes the hammer and weighs it up in his hand. It
dialog: sits well.
text: Joe slides it into his left hand inside jacket pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN BASEMENT CAR PARK EXIT - NIGHT 67
text: Joe's rental car exits the parking garage.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR, MIDTOWN STREET —- NIGHT 68
text: Joe's eyes are dark and inscrutable in the shadow of his
text: baseball cap. Rainbow hued illumination plays across his set
dialog: jaw.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe's POV - Manhattan streets - late night NYC.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 32.
scene_heading: EXT. 38TH ST - NIGHT 69
text: Joe’s rental car turns into the end of the road.
text: The street is book ended by modern apartment buildings, one
text: at 3rd Avenue and one at 2nd Avenue.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR - NIGHT 70
text: The engine note drops as Joe slows to a crawl.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe’s POV - A 3-storied brownstone on a street of
dialog: brownstones.
text: All the windows are sealed shut by metal curtains, insuring
dialog: total privacy.
text: A young TOWEL BOY carrying a laundry sack up the stairs,
text: punches in a code into the door and disappears inside.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 71
speaker_heading: OMITTED 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 33.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR - NIGHT, LATER 73
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s wristwatch - the minute hand ticks by...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE REAR VIEW MIRROR - we see a high end black town car pull
text: up outside the brownstone. A WELL DRESSED MAN in a high end
text: suit walks down the stairs. The driver of the town car steps
text: out and opens the door for him. The driver gets back in the
text: car and it pulls away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: LATER STILL - Joe sat in the car in a fugue state,
text: simultaneously alert and peaceful.
scene_heading: INT. FBI SURVEILLANCE CAR, NYC DOCKS - NIGHT (JOE'S 74
speaker_heading: MEMORY)
text: A younger Joe is wearing a standard issue FBI nylon jacket.
text: He sits behind the wheel of his cruiser, rains bears down on
text: the windscreen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe's POV - beyond a chain link fence, A refrigerated truck
text: with SUNFLOWER MEAT CORP and Chinese characters emblazoned on
text: its flank stands on the quay side.
text: Its cab door is open, the engine is running.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 34.
text: There are two parked cars between Joe and the truck, TWO
text: PAIRS OF MEN are standing beside them in discussion - a deal
text: is going down.
text: Joe checks his watch...
text: The men’s discussion appears inscrutable and ongoing
speaker_heading: TASK FORCE COMMANDER (V.O.)
text: (broken by bursts of radio
dialog: static)
dialog: Wait... Wait....Nobody moves ...see
dialog: the money ....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: JOE'S HANDS grip the steering wheel, his knuckles whiten in
dialog: frustration and anger...
text: The distant sound of the truck engine running over rises in
dialog: volume.
text: Joe's eyes shrouded in darkness.
text: The sharp sodium street light throws sad shadows of raindrops
text: onto Joe’s rigid face, his jaw tenses.
text: Fumes continue to plume from the truck’s exhaust...
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR, 38TH ST - NIGHT (BACK TO PRESENT) 75
text: CLUNK - the windscreen wipers kick in automatically. With a
text: JUDDER they clear the shadow of accumulated raindrops from
text: Joe's face.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s eyes - the crawling retreat of distorted
text: water patterns in the wiper’s wake. His 1000 yard stare
text: draws into closer focus.
text: Rear-view mirror: Joe watches as...
text: The TOWEL BOY, in jeans and a thick hooded sweat shirt,
text: emerges from the brothel front door - sent out on an errand.
text: Joe studies him - he’s clearly not a ‘John’ or security.
text: He darts from the car.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 35.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR, 38TH ST - NIGHT 77
text: The towel boy is shoved into the back seat of the car.
text: Joe makes quick work with the cable ties, duct tape.
text: He binds Towel Boy’s wrists behind his back with a cable tie,
text: then fastens his legs together at the ankles and the knee.
text: Towel Boy’s eyes start to focus, he gasps a little less
text: audibly.
text: Joe eases off the back seat, exits the rear door and returns
text: to the drivers seat. He faces forward, eyes locked back on
text: the rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How many security inside?
text: Towel Boy is too scared to answer. Joe’s hand lowers to rest
text: on the box cutter, his thumb poised over the blades sliding
dialog: mechanism.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Two?
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Where are they?
text: Towel Boy hesitates...
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (refining the question)
dialog: Where in the house are they?
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: You promise you won’t kill me.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Yes.
text: Towel Boy hesitates, not out of cunning, just fear.
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: (speaking quickly, half
dialog: gasping)
text: One guy guards the first floor,
text: with the cameras, and one guy on
text: the second floor. He sits in the
dialog: hallway.
dialog: 36.
text: Joe takes the picture of Nina from his shirt breast pocket
text: and hits the overhead light. He holds the snapshot in front
text: of Towel boy’s face.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Do they have a ‘playground’? Is
dialog: this girl inside?
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: Playground?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Underage girls.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is the girl in the picture inside?
text: Towel Boy is mute.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly, forcefully)
dialog: She’s not the same as the others...
dialog: American... Well spoken.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pushing the photo closer
dialog: to TB’s face)
dialog: She might look different. Her
dialog: hair...
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: Maybe...
dialog: Thinner... blonde hair, cut short?
dialog: I don’t know...
dialog: .-.I’m not lying to you mister. I
dialog: swear I don’t know!
dialog: Joe let’s this terror hang.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Where is she...
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: Third floor.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Any other men?
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: Rich guys.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Do you carry any keys?
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What’s the code for the front door?
speaker_heading: TOWEL BOY
dialog: 3-4-9-2...
text: Joe nods.
text: In one movement he is out of the driver’s seat.
dialog: He crosses
text: the front of the car and reappears at the rear passenger
dialog: door.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 38.
text: CLOSE-ON: Towel Boy’s eyes widen at the betrayal.
scene_heading: EXT. BROTHEL STEPS - NIGHT 78
text: (The following sequence is shot from CCTV Point of view until
dialog: otherwise stated)
text: Joe walks up the brothel steps, his eyes shaded by his
text: baseball cap, he punches in the code to the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL HALLWAY - NIGHT 79
text: A LARGE SEATED MAN sits reading a magazine.
text: Joe is immediately on him.
text: The hammer strikes the Guard on the cheek bone sending him
text: into the wall.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL STAIRWAY - NIGHT 80
text: Joe - he takes two steps at a time.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 39.
text: A SECOND GUARD at the landing.
text: Joe swing the hammer two handed like a baseball bat sending
text: it into the man’s sternum - he doubles up.
text: Joe continues along the corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL, HALLWAY - NIGHT 81
text: A NAKED SKINNY MAN WITH A MASK IS THROWN OUT OF THE DOOR WAY.
text: Joe delivers a closing blow to the man. He continues down the
text: hall, the CCTV camera lingers on the doorway, a small girl
text: (9) wearing a night dress wanders out of the doorway and into
text: the hallway in a daze.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL, ‘PLAYGROUND’ HALLWAY CORRIDOR - NIGHT 82
text: Another CCTV angle, joe approaches a closed door, he opens
text: it, about to enter...
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL, BEDROOM 2 - NIGHT 83
scene_heading: (WE TRANSITION FROM CCTV FOOTAGE BACK TO FILM)
text: This room is dark, illuminated only by a UV ‘black light’
text: above the head of a single ‘cot’ bed.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 40.
text: A YOUNG GIRL (13/14) lies on top of a white sheet.
text: Joe walks towards her.
text: Her skin has a spectral glow.
dialog: ...-NINA?
text: Joe takes the photograph from his top pocket.
text: The girl’s eyes are closed. He puts a hand to her cheek - no
text: reaction. He gently raises one eyelid between his finger and
text: thumb. For a moment there is a bright blue iris anda
text: dilated pupil before her eye rolls back.
text: Joe is taken aback. It’s HER.
text: Her neck arches back into the pillow and her whole body
text: begins to stiffen.
text: Joe leans in and levers the girl’s thin body into a seated
text: position. Her head and arms flop forward like a rag doll.
text: He lifts her chin with his free hand.
speaker_heading: JOE
text: Nina... NINA.
text: He snaps his fingers loudly beside her ear.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nina. Come on Nina. You can hear
dialog: me. Look at me. Can you say your
dialog: name Nina.
text: A SHARP intake of breath and the girl’s head lolls forward
dialog: again.
text: Joe firmly cups her tiny face in his hand. Her eyes flicker
text: open for a moment. Her lips move against each other.
text: It is barely audible but she is counting.
text: She is in the 700’s.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The BIG SISTER, a skinny, diet pill blonde in a silk robe and
text: artificial tits bursts into the room. She clutches a cell
text: phone in one hand.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 41.
speaker_heading: BIG SISTER
dialog: (hysterical, Eastern
dialog: European accent)
dialog: Fuck is YOU?
text: Joe advances on her, grabbing her elbow violently, prizing
text: the cell phone from her grasp.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Get her dressed.
text: Joe throws the Big Sister towards Nina. In shock she gets her
text: off the bed. The only additional clothing in the room is a
text: pair of childish frilled pop socks.
text: Joe reaches the cell phone jammer from his jacket pocket. He
text: slides the switch on its side, the green LED blinks off. He
text: puts it away and then wrenches off his jacket.
text: Joe advances again on the Big Sister and thrusts the jacket
text: at her to dress Nina with.
text: With his other hand he dials 911 on the Big Sister’s cell
text: phone and clamps it to her ear.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Police department.
text: He glares into her eyes. She understands.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gunshots...
text: The Big Sister looks confused.
speaker_heading: BIG SISTER
dialog: Gunshots...
text: The call connects. The distant female voice of the emergency
text: services dispatch can be heard on the other end...
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER
dialog: 911, what are you reporting?
speaker_heading: BIG SISTER
dialog: Gunshots!
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER
dialog: What’s your address?
text: Joe shoots her a stern look...
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 41A.
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are you speaking from now?
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 42.
text: Joe holds his look... The Big Sister is terrified, she can’t
text: speak. Joe snatches the phone from her ear.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: 544 East 38th Street
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER
dialog: Who is in the hou...
text: Joe throws it to the floor and drives the heel of his boot
text: into it - smashing it completely.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Leave.
text: She looks at him, fear in her eyes, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now....Go!
text: She shakes her head vigorously. Punches her own hand
text: repeatedly on her head.
text: She is paralysed with fear, won't move.
text: Throughout all this Nina has stood dazed and silent in the
text: middle of the room
text: Joe snatches his hammer up, grabs the sheet from the bed,
text: wraps it once around Nina and scoops her off her feet.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL, ‘PLAYGROUND’ HALLWAY - NIGHT 84
text: Borne aloft in Joe’s arms Nina floats through the door of her
text: room and along the playground corridor, her COUNTING DOWN a
text: barely perceptible whisper below the piped music.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL 2ND FLOOR - NIGHT 85
text: The 2nd fallen Guard still fills one half of the width of the
text: corridor, slumped on his knees, head cowled forward against
dialog: the wall.
text: A NAKED JOHN stands in the corridor, blocking Joe’s passage.
text: He grasps a 7" hunting knife in one hand. His chest is
text: emblazoned with an Eye of Providence tattoo.
text: Joe gently lets down Nina. She ahead stares implacably.
text: The rise and fall of Naked John’s chest. The Eye of
text: Providence stares unblinking...
text: CLOSE ON: Nina’s face.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 42A.
text: (O.S.) The sound of the almighty collision of BODIES.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 43.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL, 1ST FLOOR - NIGHT 86
text: The EMPTY STAIRWELL.
text: Joe's feet step over the sprawled body of the first Guard as
text: he marches to the front door, seemingly in step with the dull
text: thud of techno music from the P.A. Nina’s tiny socked feet
text: follow a pace behind.
scene_heading: EXT. BROTHEL - NIGHT 87
text: At the top of the stoop Joe peers down the street - no cop
dialog: cars.
text: About six minutes have elapsed since Joe entered the brothel.
text: With the girl light in his arms, he moves quickly to his
text: rental. In one delicate move he has Nina in the front seat.
text: She is all but out of it; but not completely.
text: Stepping around the trunk of the car Joe flings open the rear
text: passenger door and drags Towel Boy out by the shoulders and
text: dumps him on the sidewalk.
text: CLOSE ON: A storm drain opening. Joe crouches by the kerb as
text: he fits the bloodied hammer through the opening, dropping it
text: as deeply as his arm will reach inside. The cell phone
text: jammer from his inside jacket pocket follows the hammer into
dialog: the storm drain.
scene_heading: EXT. 38TH ST - NIGHT 88
text: Joe's rental car pulls away. Towel Boy lies motionless on
text: the sidewalk. Silence reigns...
scene_heading: EXT. RENTAL CAR, MIDTOWN - NIGHT 89
text: CLOSE ON: Nina through the passenger window. A cascade of
text: reflections and rainwater play across the glass as she stares
text: into the middle distance. A cop car passes sirens and lights
text: blaring.
text: CLOSER - her lips as they murmur. She continues her counting
dialog: down.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 44,
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CAR PARK - NIGHT 90
text: A squeal of wet tires reverberates around the near empty car
text: park as the rental pulls in and cruises to a quiet corner.
text: The engine’s killed.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CAR PARK - MOMENTS LATER 91
text: Joe relaxes his grip on the steering wheel.
text: Nina’s gaze is fixed on him... on his right arm.
text: She reaches forward and touches him with her fingertips.
text: There’s a 2” knife cut through his shirt and blood is soaking
text: through. Joe hasn’t noticed till now.
text: Nina stares at her fingertips, mesmerized by the scarlet
text: blood coating them.
text: Joe unbuckles his seat belt and flips open the glove
text: compartment. He removes a sanitary napkin and rubbing
text: alcohol, he pours some on the napkin and places it over his
dialog: wound.
text: CLOSE ON: in the rear view mirror, Joe’s mouth clenches tight
text: against the searing pain, jaw set as his teeth grit hard.
text: She continues to watch with fascination as Joe goes through
text: the process of attending to his wound.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: What do I call you?
text: Joe hands her a make-up wipe to remove the blood from her
dialog: fingers.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 45.
text: Joe reaches for the can of Coke and chocolate and hands them
dialog: to Nina.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are we going?
text: CLOSE ON: Nina’s fingernails as they strain to open the ring
text: pull. She abandons it half cocked and hands it back to Joe.
text: He pops it open.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I'm taking you home Nina.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: How do you know my name?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Your Father told me your name.
text: Nina alternates sips from the Coke can with squares of
dialog: chocolate.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Is he angry at me?
text: O.S. The sound of an approaching car - the clump as it takes
text: the entrance ramp to the car park, the dry echo of tires on
dialog: concrete...
text: Joe's eyes fix on the rear view mirror as the headlights of
text: an anonymous sedan sweep past his car. He turns the ignition
text: key just enough to fire the electrics and adjusts the angle
text: of his door mirror.
text: In the mirror he can see the sedan as it pulls up, an
text: indistinct figure at the wheel. Joe wipes a discreet
text: porthole in the condensation building up on his window to
text: reveal - a man in a tuxedo and black tie as he hurries away
text: in the direction of the exit ramp. Satisfied, Joe turns his
text: attention back to Nina.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 46.
text: She has eaten almost all the chocolate, some of which has
text: smeared onto her lips and cheeks. A crudely drawn smiley
text: face adorns her passenger window.
text: Nina burps. She raises a hand to her mouth and peers over it -
text: surprised and off guard.
text: Joe's face wears a massive grin in response.
text: Nina offers Joe the last square of chocolate in the packet.
text: He shakes his head.
text: Nina is unwavering in her offer.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It’s the last piece...
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: ..-It’s not the last piece in the
dialog: world...
text: He takes it from her and puts it into his mouth. He closes
text: his eyes and allows himself to relax back into his seat.
text: O.S. - A distinctive clunk as Nina releases the latch of her
text: seat belt. A rasp as the nylon belt retracts.
text: Joe looks over to her.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to go...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: We have to stay here.
text: Nina’s look is one of confusion and disappointment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The passenger door of the car is wide open. Joe stands
text: sentinel beside the door, arms folded around his jacket, head
text: tipped forward. He cautiously steals a look up to the
text: security camera perched at the top of a concrete support
text: pillar opposite him then dips his eyes to the ground again.
text: O.S. The sound of running water.
text: A stream of liquid, dark against the pale concrete floor of
text: the parking garage, runs from under the door of the car
text: behind Joe, pooling near his boots.
text: He edges to one side to avoid Nina’s amassing pee.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 47-47A.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: I've finished Joe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Nina and Joe are back in the car. She no longer wears Joe’s
dialog: jacket.
text: Nina leans forward and grabs the bottle of pills, she shakes
text: them. She fails to open the bottle, Joe takes it from her. He
text: demonstrates taking off the cap, he then puts the cap back on
text: and stashes the bottle OUT OF HER REACH.
text: Nina sits back in her seat.
text: She slips the straps of her nightie off her shoulders then
text: begins to hitch the hem up her tiny thighs. She meets Joe’s
text: gaze with a look of mute seduction and raises her forefinger
text: to her lips in a gesture of ‘shhhh’.
dialog: ON Joe.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t tell Mommy...
text: Wordlessly Joe leans past her, grasps the dangling seat belt
dialog: buckle.
text: Nina flings her arms around him and buries her face in his
dialog: chest.
text: Joe firmly draws the seat belt back across her, untangling
text: her arms from around his neck, breaking the moment - a simple
dialog: signal that she should stop.
text: Nina slumps into her seat. Her head rolls back to the
text: passenger side window. The smiley face on the glass beside
text: her has begun to run - tears of a clown.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: From outside the glass CLOSE ON Nina
text: Her eyelids draw closed; asleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s wristwatch; 4:02 am
text: Nina is fast asleep.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 48.
scene_heading: EXT. SENTON HOTEL - NIGHT 92
text: The rental car pulls up right out front, its pouring again.
text: A BELL-HOP GUY (20's, iPod earbuds)rounds the corner and
text: heads towards the hotel. In his hand he clutches a pair of
text: well-worn drumsticks.
text: A beat later ANOTHER MAN (30's, acne scarred, homebrew neck
text: tattoo) emerges, throwing his rucksack over his shoulder. The
text: two have an exchange as they cross paths, he then disappears
text: along the street.
text: Joe takes the room key (card) from the glove compartment.
text: The bell-hop guy has his back turned whilst he struggles into
text: an ill fitting jacket.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, SENTON HOTEL - NIGHT 93
text: Kitsch lounge musak pipes soothing piano into the low rent
dialog: surroundings.
text: Joe carries Nina ‘piggy back’ past the reception booth. Her
text: hair sticks to her wet face, she is still dozing, her dirty
text: bare feet hang loosely by Joe's side. He takes to the bottom
dialog: of the stairs.
text: On Joe’s back as he disappears from view.
text: The Bell-hop taps out a ‘rim shot’ on the reception desk with
text: his drumsticks oblivious to Joe’s entrance.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, SENTON HOTEL - NIGHT 94
text: Musak from the lobby fades, giving way to a heightened mix of
text: sounds passing through closed hotel room doors - porn, moving
text: furniture, a muffled cry.
text: Joe carries Nina.
dialog: 95
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 49.
text: She rests her head on his shoulder, hovering between sleep
text: and wakefulness - obscenely childlike in the harsh lighting.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (whispered, barely
dialog: audible)
dialog: Mommy went away.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (gently rocking her)
dialog: Shhhh.
scene_heading: INT. SENTON HOTEL, ROOM 719 - NIGHT 95
text: CLOSE ON the photographs Joe took from Votto. Nina holds them
text: between finger and thumb, studying them intently.
scene_heading: The OVEREXPOSED SELFIE -
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: Is that me?
text: She is sat in the one armchair in the room, Joe’s jacket
text: drawn around her shoulders. Joe reaches in with a wet wipe
text: and smooths away chocolate smears from her face.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: As Joe wipes, Nina pulls a face. Joe takes a fresh wipe. As
text: it hones in towards Nina’s face she deliberately goes CROSS-
text: EYED. She bursts out giggling.
text: ON JOE - He cannot help but smile.
text: He stands to throw the used wipes into the hotel room trash
dialog: can.
text: CLOSE ON the family portrait photograph. Nina covers over
text: her FATHER’S FACE with her thumb. Then cover’s over her
text: MOTHER’s FACE with her other thumb.
text: Nina lowers the photo, her eyes drawn to the TV screen which
text: flickers away with the sound down, she reaches for the remote
text: and begins to channel-hop.
text: A 24h newscast - an accident scene in midtown Manhattan,
text: police line, emergency lights. Followed by a montage of
text: archive shots of a suited middle aged man giving a speech at
text: the U.S. Senate - the name ‘Senator Williams’ on the chyron.
speaker_heading: NINA
text: The crying man.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 499A.
text: Her finger points to the TV.
text: Joe looks up. The news cast cuts to a studio anchor, a
text: portrait photograph of SENATOR WILLIAMS emblazoned with
text: “SUICIDE?” displayed beside them.
text: O.S. The electronic mechanical sound of the room key
text: unlocking the door.
text: Joe immediately stands and darts to the door.
text: It opens.
text: The drumming BELL HOP stands in the doorway.
text: A BRIGHT FLASH OF LIGHT and the explosion of a firing gun.
text: His forehead erupts.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 50.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s face as the BELL HOP’s blood spatters over
dialog: him.
text: TWO MEN with raised pistols.
text: The ALPHA of the pair twitches his gun, gesturing Joe into
text: the living area of the room, seating him at the foot of the
text: bed next to Nina, she turns the tv off.
text: The OTHER MAN holsters his weapon and crosses to Nina,
text: slinging her over his shoulder like a money sack. He heads
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: -»--J0e?
text: CLOSE ON: Her tiny feet disappear out of view as the door
text: snaps shut.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (Louder but muffled
dialog: through the door) )
dialog: «JOE...
text: Alpha stands over Joe, raises his gun full stock...
speaker_heading: ALPHA
speaker_heading: (RE: Nina )
dialog: Cute.
text: In an instant Joe propels himself from the bed. He lunges
text: full length towards the coffee table, planting his palms on
text: its top surface, launching it across the floor into the
text: Alpha’s knees.
text: A cellphone flies from the Alpha’s hand as he crashes
text: forward, his legs now pinned between the splintered table and
text: the far wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe moving in rapid, assured movements as he claws himself up
text: the teetering man. In three solid grasps of the man’s
text: clothing he has himself level with his torso - going for
text: control of his wrist and the weapon...
text: The man tries in vain to angle the 9mm on Joe.
text: A SHOT rings out.
text: Alpha chops at the back of Joe’s head with the butt of the
text: gun, landing a sharp vicious blow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 50A.
text: A FLASH OF RED.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 51.
text: Joe keeps climbing. Both men collapse into the remnants of
text: the crushed coffee table.
text: Joe's left hand is on the wrist that holds the pistol. He
text: pushes it away.
text: His eyes are screwed shut against the pain of the blow to his
text: head, some unseeing snake part of his brain takes over.
dialog: Everything is impression and feeling.
text: O.S. A deadened gunshot....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: .».smacks straight into the CEILING MIRROR ABOVE THE BED,
text: fracturing the glass right across its length...
text: We see the last of the struggle in the fragmented reflection.
text: A cubist tableau - two distorted figures writhe on the deep
text: red carpet.
text: A THIRD GUNSHOT RINGS OUT.
text: For a moment it’s impossible to tell who has the upper hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON, Joe gets both hands under Alpha’s chin and with all
text: his strength pushes the man’s head back past any natural
text: angle. The NECK SNAPS.
text: Alpha goes still.
text: Joe rolls off panting, his vision returning, the blurry room
text: coming slowly back to focus.
text: He scrambles to his feet, takes the man’s pistol.
text: CLOSE ON: The photograph of Nina as Joe snatches it up.
scene_heading: INT. SENTON HOTEL HALLWAY, 7TH FLOOR - NIGHT 96
text: Joe, the pistol in one hand, hauls ass down the hallway. A
text: BLOOD SPOT falls on the floor as he makes for the window and
text: onto the fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT. SENTON HOTEL, REAR FIRE ESCAPE - NIGHT 97
text: Dropping from bottom level of the fire escape gantry Joe
dialog: lands hard.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 52.
scene_heading: INT. ALL-NIGHT BODEGA, MIDTOWN MANHATTAN - NIGHT 98
text: A bottle of rubbing alcohol, cotton wool roll, roll of gauze
text: and a carded pair of NEEDLE NOSE ELECTRICAL PLIERS - pushed
text: across the counter.
text: Behind a scratched plastic window the cashier barely
text: registers Joe or what he is buying, his eyes fixed on a small
text: TV on the counter.
text: O.S. TV news program covering the apparent ‘suicide’ of
text: Senator Williams IN SPANISH.
text: The TV news cuts to an outside broadcast.
text: A taxi’s caved in roof - the scene flashes red and blue from
text: emergency vehicle roof lights.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (0.S. IN SPANISH)
dialog: .-+.-Senator William’s political and
dialog: private life have dogged him since
dialog: 2012 when an out of court
dialog: settlement was reached with the
dialog: parents of a girl below the age of
dialog: consent...
text: Joe pays cash. There is BLOOD on his hands and the $50 bill
dialog: he pays with.
text: His RIGHT HAND CHEEK is swollen. Thick blood mattes his jaw
dialog: and throat.
text: The cashier doesn’t raise an eyebrow.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN MANHATTAN - NIGHT 99
text: Joe propped up against the side of a building, rain falls
text: around him. A stray dog, sniffs around the area.
text: Joe eases the PLIERS into his open mouth. He digs around
text: taking time to get purchase, deep inside.
text: Joe suppresses the need to scream.
text: EXTREME CLOSE UP: A BROKEN TOOTH - a Molar, split in two.
text: Joe's bloodied fingertips set it down.
text: Joe collapses back.
text: (O.S.) Nina’s whispered count down.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 52A.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: 481, 480, 479...
text: Her counting overlaps into the VOICE of an 8-YR-OLD-BOY...
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 53.
scene_heading: 8-YR-OLD BOY’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 478, 477, 476...
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS, FBI RAID - NIGHT (JOE'S MEMORY) 100
text: CLOSE ON: the rear doors of the refrigerated truck...
text: A heavy padlock. Several FBI agents stand by with flashlights
text: fixed on the truck.
text: CLOSE ON- Dollar bills slowly flapping in a puddle.
text: Heavy duty bolt croppers bite into the hardened steel.
text: With a GASP of rushing air the tall rear door of the truck
text: swings open to reveal Joe.
text: Rain streams from the brim of his cap.
text: JOE'S POV - the gloom of the truck interior gives way to a
text: tableau resembling Géricault’s The Raft of the Medusa...
text: ...TWENTY FOUR CHINESE GIRLS.
text: IT IS TOO LATE.
text: They are all dead.
text: Their barely clad bodies entwined in the dark, eyes open,
text: heads cast back, mouths agape.
text: CLOSE ON Joe: closing in on his narrowed eyes.
text: CLOSE ON two of the dead girls. Neither older than 14, their
text: faces framed by long black hair, cheeks pressed together in
text: eternal embrace.
text: CLOSER STILL - A distinct mole on an upper lip. The mouth
dialog: strained wide...
text: O.S. The rising pitch of a dialling tone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN, MANHATTAN. NIGHT 101
text: Joe leans against a battered pay phone. He fishes the
text: receiver to his ear. His cheek is wrapped with a pad of
text: gauze, crudely taped in place. Blood is smeared over his
text: face and hands like iodine.
text: It connects straight to a phone company digital voicemail.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 53A.
text: O.S. McCleary’s voice mail.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 54.
scene_heading: SYNTHESIZED ‘ROBOT’ WOMAN
dialog: You've called...
text: (a beat followed by gruff
dialog: man’s voice)
dialog: McCleary...
text: Joe immediately hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. MCCLEARY’S STREET - DAWN 102
text: A simple, white clapboard two storey affair backing on to an
text: ocean view. A pristine 20 year old CADDY is parked in the
dialog: driveway - a 90's ‘classic’.
text: A Manhattan Taxi U-turns and diminishes towards the turn off.
text: Joe watches till he sees the blink of its signal light then
text: passes the gleaming Caddy towards the rear of the house.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE, KITCHEN SIDE ENTRANCE - DAWN 103
text: With a brisk move from Joe’s outline a pane in the door glass
text: pops through, falls and shatters.
text: CLOSER STILL - Joe’s free hand reaches through and feels out
dialog: the latch...
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAWN 104
text: Joe moves through the kitchen. 0.S. Radio on in the adjacent
dialog: living area.
text: A HUGE PERSIAN CAT laps at a vast pool of milk from an
text: upturned carton beside the sink. It looks up to meet Joe's
text: gaze. Then returns to the milk.
text: The splattered microwave door hangs open.
text: An old school coffee percolator stands beside the fridge.
text: An 1/8th inch of stewed coffee bubbles furiously in the
text: bottom of it’s glass jug. Joe pulls the plug at the wall.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY'’S HOUSE, BEDROOM —- DAWN 105
dialog: 106
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 55.
text: McCleary’s bed is unslept in, the flowered bedspread tucked
text: in neatly on all sides.
text: Make-up tubs, compacts, perfume bottles and atomizers are
text: arranged in an ordered crescent on the dresser.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - DAWN 106
text: Joe is sat on the sofa.
text: Around Joe is evidence that this is McCleary’s place of
text: sleep. A feather pillow and blanket, a few empty beer
text: bottles, an old fashioned porno mag, ‘Power & Motoryacht’.
text: CLOSE ON, A framed photo on a cupboard - A younger, slimmer
text: McCleary, shoulder to shoulder with SENATOR VOTTO SNR - the
text: spit of his son. Beside them stands the 20 year old Votto
text: Jr. McCleary is being handed a gold clock for 10 years
text: service, the mood is jovial - smiles all round.
text: Other photographs line the walls and mantelpiece - marking
text: the progress of McCleary from state trooper - to a more
text: portly man in a suit.
text: Interspersed are photographs of McCleary and his wife.
text: Different ages but all images of a loving couple...
text: A black and white wedding picture of the once handsome pair
dialog: cutting the cake....
text: Halloween fancy dress costume - they are Laurel and Hardy.
text: From the deck of a yacht, they beam at the camera in a tight
text: embrace. She is noticeably more gaunt, a silk scarf tied
text: around her head hiding her lack of hair.
text: The Persian Cat leaps onto the coffee table. Its back arches
text: as Joe runs his hand across it.
text: CLOSE ON Joe’s palm - bright red streaks. The Persian Cat’s
text: fur and tail are spattered with blood...it’s FRESH.
text: Joe tenses.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: A107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 56.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY'S HOUSE BEDROOM - DAWN 107
text: CLOSE ON: Joe pulls open the bedside drawer.
text: A ROYAL BLUE COLT PYTHON SNUB NOSE. Joe spins the chamber -
text: fully loaded.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - DAWN A107
text: Car keys with the familiar Cadillac logo on the key ring.
text: JOE'S HAND - he grabs the keys.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY'’S CADDY - DAY 108
text: Joe looks like death - driving as fast as the limit allows.
text: Sweat dots his brow, he constantly checks the rear view
text: mirror and the few passing cars on the road.
text: He winces, pops one of the painkillers he bought from his
text: Midtown drug dealer. It is almost impossible for him to part
text: his lips.
text: His head lolls slightly forward.
text: O.S. The SOUND OF THE CAR ENGINE, loud, quickening, continues
dialog: over:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - NIGHT (JOE'S MEMORY) 109
text: CLOSE ON: 8-yr-old Joe bare chested, standing poker straight,
text: facing a wall.
speaker_heading: 8-YR-OLD JOE
dialog: (voice as an adult)
dialog: I must do better sir. I must do
dialog: better sir. I must do better. I
dialog: must do better...
text: 8-yr-old Joe begins to falls asleep, his head bows forward
text: almost grazing the chintzy wallpaper.
speaker_heading: 8-YR-OLD JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (voice as an adult)
dialog: I'm fucking up.
text: As it’s just about to touch the wall...
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 56A.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S CADDY - DAY (BACK TO PRESENT) 110
text: JOE'S HEAD jolts himself upright, slaps his face, HARD.
dialog: Speeds up...
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S OFFICE BUILDING, ELEVATOR - DAY 111
text: O.S. The manic sound of a FLY BUZZING, trapped in the
text: fluorescent light.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 57.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe propped against the back wall of the elevator -
text: The doors begin slide shut in front of his face...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 112
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY'S OFFICE - DAY 113
text: Joe lets himself into the room.
text: The room is a jungle of gaudy wilted flowers. McCleary’s
text: body sits at his high backed desk chair. He is wearing a
text: towelling dressing gown and slippers - eyes closed, mouth
text: slightly agape.
text: The only sign of disarray is the shattered Rolodex, its index
text: cards spread out across the glass top of the desk like a
text: blackjack table.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Oh John.
text: CLOSE ON: the Rolodex card bearing Angel's details as Joe
text: turns it over in his hands. Dried blood foxes the edges.
text: O.S. Dialling tone and three digits punched...
text: From UNDERNEATH the glass tabletop - CONGEALING BLOOD pools
text: around McCleary’s hands where they rest on the top surface,
text: his fingers bent and mangled.
speaker_heading: 911 DISPATCHER (0.S.)
dialog: What’s your emergency?
speaker_heading: JOE (0.S.)
dialog: Rego Park, fire department... It’s
dialog: urgent...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: .»-Yeah I saw smoke coming from an
dialog: old lady’s house. 1138...
scene_heading: INT. ANGEL'S BODEGA STOCKROOM - NIGHT (IN JOE’S 114
speaker_heading: IMAGINATION)
text: CLOSE ON: The terrified face of Moises. He opens his mouth
text: to speak. His lips synchronize with Joe's call.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 57A.
speaker_heading: JOE (V.0.)
text: ...Sycamore, a red brick house.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 58.
text: WIDER: Moises is on his knees facing his father. A gun
text: pressed to the back of Angel's head.
text: The EXPLOSION of muzzle flash...
text: Blood sprays into Moises’ face.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY'S CADDY, IN FRONT OF JOE’S MOTHER'S HOUSE - 115
speaker_heading: DAY
dialog: Lights, no siren...
text: FIREMEN haul themselves back into the cab of their fire
dialog: truck.
text: The caddy parks up opposite.
text: Joe sits forward, scanning the view through the windscreen...
text: The Fire Truck pulls away, revealing a black Dodge Challenger
text: - conspicuous on the genteel street.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 116
text: Joe looks up to the low roof at the rear of the house.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JOE'S BEDROOM - DAY 117
text: Through the window we see Joe haul himself onto the low roof
text: at the rear of the house. He continues to climb up to the
dialog: 2nd floor.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 118
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 59.
scene_heading: INT. MOTHER'S HOUSE, MOTHER'S BEDROOM - DAY 119
text: Joe drops into view onto the exterior balcony. He turns to
dialog: the window.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s face as he stares in.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 120
text: Joe’s POV of his Mother on the bed - A PILLOW OVER HER FACE.
text: There is a tear in it and powder burns scorch the pillow
dialog: case.
text: He stares down at her from the bedside.
text: O.S. The CREAKING of floorboards in 2 separate places -
text: 2 sets of footfalls. The sound of a drawer being pulled open,
text: the crash of cutlery hitting a floor....
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) 121
text: CLOSE ON: 8-yr-old Joe’s shins, angry red welts, his
text: stockinged feet step over a specific floorboard.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 122
text: 8-yr-old Joe crouches in the wardrobe. Hiding inside a
text: PLASTIC DRY CLEANING BAG, his shallow breathing distorts his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: 8-YR-OLD JOE
dialog: (internally)
dialog: 313, 312, 311...
dialog: (beat)
text: O.S. CREAKING of shoes on the downstairs floorboards, the
text: muffled sound of a man’s raised voice - GROWLING.
text: 8-yr-old Joe holds his breath, listens, terrified.
text: O.S. SLAPS and THUDS, a woman MOANING ...SOBBING.
text: 8-yr-old Joe breathes again in relief. His face red with
dialog: shame.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 60.
speaker_heading: 8-YR-OLD JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: (internally)
dialog: 310, 309, 308...
dialog: (beat)
text: O.S. More SLAPS and SOBS.
text: 8-yr-old Joe clamps his hands over his ears.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY (BACK TO 123
speaker_heading: PRESENT )
text: Joe stands at the top of the stairs.
text: Unobserved he can see shadows moving in the living room and
text: dining area downstairs.
text: O.S. Music from the kitchen radio drifts up.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 124
text: Joe lifts the scorched pillow from his Mother's face. He
text: reaches down.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe gently sets her glasses on the bedside table
text: alongside her hearing aide.
text: The left lens is shattered, dripping with blood.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY 125
text: O.S. One set of footsteps moves to the front door.
text: Joe's eyes are closed, head tilting from to one side to the
text: other as he maps the movements below him. The sound of the
text: radio fades as the sounds of movement increase.
text: O.S. The sound of footsteps walking over CUTLERY on dining
dialog: area floor.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) 126
text: The SILVER CUTLERY and mahogany case sparkle on the living
dialog: room floor.
text: Joe's Mother is slumped beside it.
text: His Father's feet stride away, a bottle of whiskey swings in
text: his free hand.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 60A.
text: A Ball peen HAMMER drops to the floor.
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 61.
text: 8-yr-old Joe watches from underneath the sofa.
text: His Mother stares at him. Blood runs from her ear.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER'S HOUSE - DAY 127
text: Joe is at the top of the stairs. Eye’s closed in
text: concentration. His finger moves onto the trigger of
text: McCleary’s gun.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - HALLWAY, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. 128
text: Joe comes down the stairs like an express train, gun drawn.
text: One continuous move takes him as he spins, firing two shots
text: in quick succession.
text: A long EERIE SILENCE broken by the beep of an incoming text
text: message and the faint sound of a Gunman’s fingernails
text: scratching at the floor.
text: REVEAL - One gunman keels over. Dead. The other is on his
text: belly, crawling away towards the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 129
text: Staying low Joe stands over to the body of the dead Gunman.
text: He rifles through his jacket pocket for his phone - reads the
dialog: text...
dialog: “is he there yet?"
text: Joe types, “all quiet” and hits Send.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s hand filling a glass of water from the
dialog: faucet.
text: The same 1990 Pop hit heard in Kuwait plays from the radio.
text: He grabs a CHINTZY TEA TOWEL then slides down the sink unit
text: to the floor.
text: CLOSE ON: the bottle pills from the Midtown drug dealer - Joe
text: shakes out 2 pills. He downs one...
text: The 2nd Gunman lies slumped across from Joe. He’s in bad
text: shape, bleeding out from the bullet to the stomach.
text: Joe, tosses the Gunman the chintzy tea towel.
text: The Gunman uses his free hand to limply clutch it to his
text: stomach to staunch the bleeding.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 61a.
text: Joe crawls towards him, feeds him the other pill, holding the
text: glass of water to his lips.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 62.
text: Joe pulls himself into a sitting position beside the Gunman.
text: The Gunman looks at him, unfocused.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Where's the girl?
text: A HARD CUT in the O.S. Radio music. Later in the song, a
text: different tempo. Time has passed.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: Far away...
text: A HARD CUT in the 0.S. Radio music.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (eyes glazed)
text: Safer than her dirty old man.
text: Joe is now on the other side of the gunman. He rests his
text: fingers on the man’s neck - feeling his pulse.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You work for him?
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: ...the other way round.
text: The gunman smirks, looks about to pass out.
scene_heading: GUNMAN (IN SYNC WITH LYRICS ON THE
speaker_heading: KITCHEN RADIO) (CONT’D)
dialog: I wish someone had talked to me
dialog: like I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What do you have on him?
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: ...I ran out of places and
dialog: friendly faces... [...].. I’ve
dialog: been to paradise but I’ve never
dialog: been to me...
text: He sparks out.
text: A HARD CUT in the 0.S. Radio music.
text: Joe nudges the gunman again
speaker_heading: GUNMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The Mother knew.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 62a.
text: The gunman’s suddenly wide awake staring with hyper
dialog: alertness.
text: He reaches for Joe’s hand, takes it and holds it tight.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 63.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Where's the girl?
text: The gunman stares at him. Past him. Joe gently takes the
text: Gunman’s hand that still clutches the blood-soaked chintzy
text: tea towel to his stomach.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: Her old man knows.
text: He presses it firmly over the Gunman’s nose and mouth.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (LATER) 130
text: O.S The SCREECH of duct tape —wrenched from the roll.
text: In the mirror: Joe has redressed the gauze on his JAW. He
text: smooths a strip of silver duct tape over the dressing,
text: sealing in his neck and lower ear.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 131
speaker_heading: OMITTED 132
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 133
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands lift his mothers feet.
text: He gently removes her tiny floral slippers, placing them on
text: the floor at the foot of her bed.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s face as he lifts his mother up delicately by
text: the shoulders. Her frail back comes into view.
text: Long silver hair falls loose from its chignon.
text: Joe blinks, almost cracking for a second.
text: He lays his mother gently back down on the bed.
text: Joe combs her tangled hair smooth with the brush from her
dialog: dresser.
text: CLOSE ON: the hairbrush as he sets it down on the bedside
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 64.
text: table. Wisps of silver hair waft from it.
text: Joe picks up a lipstick. He holds it to his nostrils,
text: inhaling. Closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 134
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S CADDY, QUEENS STREETS - DAY (LATER) 135
text: Joe drives out of Queens.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s finger as he toggles down the window switch.
text: O.S. The garbage bag ripples noisily in the breeze
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Joe's sunken eyes rimmed with cold sweat - glued to the rear
dialog: view mirror.
text: In its reflection the black plastic clings to his mother’s
text: face, defining the outline of her features like a death mask.
text: Joe sends the window back up.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACH TO GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE - DAY (LATER) 136
text: The Caddy takes the Harlem River Dr. North to the lower level
text: of the George Washington and crosses into Jersey.
scene_heading: INT. MCCLEARY’S CADDY, WOODLAND, NEW JERSEY - DAY (LATER) 137
text: Joe drives across a river dam.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND, NEW JERSEY - DUSK (LATER) 138
text: FROM BEHIND: Joe winds through woodland down a steep dirt
text: path, cradling his mother’s body as his footfalls falter on
text: the uneven ground.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 64A.
text: The arching branches open up to reveal the edge of a vast
dialog: lake.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 65.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND, LAKESIDE, NEW JERSEY - DUSK 139
text: The shrouded form of Joe’s Mother lies in state across a
text: broad rock at the water’s edge.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands precisely placing a neat row of
text: personal effects, the photograph of Nina, McCleary’s gun,
text: amongst the foliage at the edge of lake.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands as he scoops up a heavy flat rock.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND, LAKE - DUSK 140
text: UNDERWATER: Joe’s feet stumble across the coarse shale of the
dialog: lake bed.
text: Joe wades chest deep into the river pushing his Mother’s
text: corpse ahead of him. Flat rocks weigh her down so that she
text: barely touches the surface of the water.
text: He gently immerses the plastic bundle and with his fingertips
text: tears open a small hole to the side of her head.
text: Snow white hair pours out into the black water, wafting like
dialog: reeds.
text: Silently the black plastic crimps and flexes as air leaches
text: from it. As Joe walks deeper the small body slowly sinks
text: below the surface in his arms.
text: The water reaches his eyes.
text: UNDERWATER - The pockets of his suit bulge with rocks from
dialog: the lakeside.
text: He takes another step forward and disappears under the
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: UNDERWATER: In a limitless black void Joe and his mother are
text: in embrace.
text: The black shroud, cocooned tight around her. She seems tiny,
text: the size of child as he clings to her.
text: Her silver hair loosens and wafts in the water, whirling
text: around his head and shoulders...glinting, beckoning strands
dialog: of light.
text: Joe's mother’s shroud descends into the depths.
text: Joe drifts away from her.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 65A.
text: A CRACK, muffled, from above the surface of the water...
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 66.
text: A WHOOSH and almighty subaqueous CRASH as a thirty foot mass
text: of dead tree smashes into and under the surface, almost on
text: top of Joe, its branches spearing out underwater...
text: Joe's eyes snap open in an underwater churn of bubbles
dialog: and trunk...
text: On his wide eyes...
text: He closes his mouth, his chest clenches.
text: JOE'S POV - UNDERWATER, against a limitless black void, the
text: diaphanous figure of NINA, her nightdress flowing around her.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON RIVER, PANINADES - DUSK 141
text: FOLLOWING JOE - His clothes are dripping wet. The rhythm of
text: his sodden shoes the only sound.
dialog: O.S Nina’s countdown continuous...
speaker_heading: NINA’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 220, 219, 218..
speaker_heading: OMITTED 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 67.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 143
scene_heading: INT. AMTRAK ‘EMPIRE SERVICE’ TRAIN - NIGHT 144
text: Joe's head leans against the glass of the window. His SUNDAY
text: SUIT leeches moisture into his seat.
dialog: O.S Nina’s countdown continuous...
speaker_heading: NINA'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 217, 216, 215..
text: Her voice merges with the beat of train tracks.
text: Joe stares unblinking through the business compartment
text: window. Nearby, a man reaches for his suitcase from an
text: overhead, he walks up the aisle, Joe takes a moment to notice
text: his black shiny shoes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHERATON ROOFTOP, NYC - NIGHT (IN JOE’S IMAGINATION) 145
text: 0.S. The whisper of NINA’S COUNTING, 97, 96, 95...
text: CLOSE ON: A man’s shiny black shoes are slipped off of his
text: feet, we follow his feet up onto the ledge of a roof.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t tell Mommy...
text: A MONTAGE of images and dialogue - overlapping and confused -
text: underscored to the rhythm of the train tracks...
speaker_heading: OMITTED 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 68.
scene_heading: INT. BROTHEL (JOE'S IMAGINATION) 147
text: Senator Williams cries, Nina with her back turned to him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL - DAY (JOE'S IMAGINATION) 148
text: Senator Williams cries, Votto takes it in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL - DAY(JOE’S IMAGINATION) 149
text: .+.-Votto has Joe’s hand in a firm handshake. He places his
text: other hand on top of Joe’s - intimate.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN (0.S.)
dialog: (pained, whispered)
dialog: We cleaned up his mess.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT (JOE’S IMAGINATION) 150
text: The smiley face on the car window beside Nina has begun to
text: run - tears of a clown.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOTTE NY PALACE HOTEL - DAY (JOE’S IMAGINATION) 151
text: CLOSE ON: Votto raises his forefinger to his lips ina
dialog: gesture of secrecy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SENTON HOTEL - NIGHT 152
text: CLOSE ON: Nina’s tiny feet disappear out of view as the door
text: to room 719 snaps shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 153
speaker_heading: A153
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 68A.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DUSK 153
text: A GIRL’S PALE BARE FEET (Nina’s) dart between black tree
text: trunks, stuttering in and out view.
text: The briefest of glimpses, then she is gone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED A153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 69.
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT 154
text: Joe's face as the clear plastic bag is suddenly sucked onto
text: his skin, distorting his features into an inhuman mask.
speaker_heading: VOTTO (0.S.)
dialog: Her name is Nina did I mention
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 155
scene_heading: INT/EXT. RENTAL CAR. VOTTO’S CONSTITUENCY OFFICE - DAY 156
text: Few signs of life as a solitary intern mans the phone.
text: Across the street Joe watches the campaign office from the
text: front seat of a RENTAL CAR. He is wearing the dishevelled
dialog: Sunday Suit.
text: He lifts a Hershey bar to his mouth and takes a bite of
dialog: chocolate.
text: A SLOW ZOOM. Closer on Joe.
text: Votto exits his constituency meeting accompanied by TWO SURLY
text: BODYGUARDS—in dark suits.
text: They lead him to his Car.
text: On Joe - his attention drifts from Votto to his bodyguards.
text: As one opens the rear door of Votto’s car a concealed gun
text: holster peeps through his jacket opening. The 2nd Man has a
text: grasp on Votto’s elbow as he edges him into his seat. Both
text: men wear earpieces.
text: Joe watches as the car slowly pulls away - Votto’s face in
text: the rear is set in a grim expression.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 70.
text: Joe's hand balls up the HERSHEY wrapper and drops it on the
text: passenger seat. It lands beside 5 other identically screwed
text: up HERSHEY WRAPPERS.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM, BATHROOM, ALBANY- NIGHT. 157
text: Steam rises from the bathtub.
text: A SLOW ZOOM.
text: The bare bulb illuminating the room shimmers in the steam.
text: Joe lies in the water with a wet face towel obscuring his
text: eyes and mouth.
text: A SLOW ZOOM.
text: CLOSER on Joe. His breathing under the towel is wet and
text: laboured. His eye sockets sunken.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 158
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM, ALBANY - NIGHT. 159
text: Joe’s SUNDAY SUIT hangs on the back of the bathroom door,
text: wrapped in an ALBANY DRY CLEANER’S plastic bag.
text: A ball peen hammer, duct tape & cable ties lie on the motel
dialog: bed.
text: O.S. The sound of tearing DUCT TAPE. A pause in the tearing
dialog: sound. WET Laboured breathing...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JOE'S RENTAL CAR, COUNTRY ROAD - DUSK. 160
text: Joe’s hands rest on the wheel of his hire car.
text: The distant shape of Votto’s car traces ahead on the country
dialog: road.
text: JOE drives, his eyes implacable - fixed on the road ahead.
text: A WHITE RABBIT - flaring in the glare of car headlamps.
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: 163A
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 71-71A.
text: It runs ahead - mesmerically - in sync with the speed of car
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Nina’s feet.
text: Running fast in the road ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, BETHLEHEM - DUSK 161
text: A MANSION built in colonial style. Joe steps into view,
text: hammer in hand.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, BETHLEHEM - DUSK 162
text: Joe runs towards camera hammer raised.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, BETHLEHEM - DUSK 163
text: Another angle of the mansion.
text: All is dark except one lit window on the top floor.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, GATE BETHLEHEM - DUSK 163A
text: Another angle of the swimming pool.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, GATE, BETHLEHEM - DUSK 164
text: The 1st Bodyguard lies face down, incapacitated.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 165
text: Joe moves through a brightly lit kitchen leaving a guard down
text: in his wake.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 166
text: Joe slowly moves through the house, hammer in hand.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: 169A
dialog: 170
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 72.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 168
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT. 169
text: Joe gently climbs the staircase. The hammer jutting from the
text: back pocket of his pants.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 169A
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS’ HOUSE, UPPER LANDING- NIGHT 170
text: Padding through the plush carpet.
text: He moves along an upper landing, on his left, the open door
text: of a regal master bedroom, empty. The king size bed is
text: undisturbed.
text: Joe moves on through the long wood-panelled corridor, he is
text: drawn to the mysterious sound of muffled music.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 72a.
speaker_heading: NINA’ VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (whispered, overlapping)
dialog: Shhhh... 91, 90, 89
dialog: 171
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 73-74.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 171
text: In Joe's imagination. Williams fixes the toys on the
text: shelves, a doll’s house with tiny furniture, teddy bears. He
text: smells Nina’s pillow. Touches the material of her clothes to
text: his cheek. Smoothes out her bed...
text: On Joe as he approaches the foot of the bed. He stops and
text: stares. We hold on Joe’s face as his look suddenly changes.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 73A-75.
text: We see Williams, slumped to the floor, his throat is slit,
text: blood has pooled around his lifeless body.
text: We cut back to Joe, the shock fades from his face and gives
text: way to a gamut of emotions. He laughs, he cries, he is full
text: of rage, he is exhausted, he falls apart. There is nothing
text: left of Joe.
text: Joe begins to mumble something indiscernible, he repeats
text: something, again, and again, each time it grows a little
text: louder and louder again.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I must do better sir, I must do
dialog: better sir, I must do better sir, I
dialog: must do better sir...
text: Joe repeats it, again and again, over this repetition, an
text: amazing high energy pop song swells to full pitch. He stops
text: repeating himself. He listens to the music, Joe is euphoric,
text: elated, light.
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: 172A
speaker_heading: 172B
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 76.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 172
text: On his way down and through the house after discovering
text: Williams’ corpse, Joe will see Joe’s Mother, Joe’s Father,
text: and FOUR CHINESE GIRLS.
text: Joe descends the stairs as though in a trance.
text: He see the hand of an old lady. It is Joe’s Mother.
speaker_heading: JOE'S MOTHER
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: A you're adorable, B you’re so
dialog: beautiful, C you’re a cutie full of
dialog: charms...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - NIGHT 172A
text: Joe sees a young boy standing head against a wall in a room.
text: It is his 8-year old self.
speaker_heading: 8-YR OLD JOE
dialog: I must do better sir, I must do
dialog: better sir, I must do better sir, I
dialog: must do better sir...
text: He sees a man with a towel over his head, like the men in the
text: Russian baths. It is Joe’s Late Father.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, WILLIAMS’ HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 172B
text: Joe comes upon Nina wearing a new outfit. On the table is the
text: remains of a meal for two. A whole chicken, half devoured. An
text: empty bottle of wine, dregs in a glass. A split fruit bowl.
text: Nina has blood on her and has a cutthroat razor.
text: Dialogue and action between Joe and Nina TBD.
text: Nina and Joe leave.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 173
speaker_heading: OMITTED 174
speaker_heading: OMITTED 175
speaker_heading: OMITTED 176
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 76A.
speaker_heading: 177 OMITTED 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 77.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 178
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAWN 179
text: Joe stands sentry at a gas pump. The dollars slowly climb on
text: the digital display. It is interminable.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SIDE DINER - DAWN 180
text: Joe is sat at the table. His gaze is fixed on where he was
dialog: previously standing.
dialog: Eileen Barton’s If I Knew You Were Coming I'd Have Baked A
text: Cake drifts from a tinny PA, reflecting off plastic surfaces.
text: A few travellers now populate the diner...
text: A MIDDLE AGED MAN sat beside an oxygen tank, drawing breath
text: through a hand held mask - A WOMAN and her TEENAGE DAUGHTER,
text: schoolwork spread in front of them - AN ELDERLY COUPLE loudly
text: discussing an imminent hospital visit - A PAIR OF SUITS,
text: commuters, en route to the city.
text: Joe sucks the last drops of a milk shake from a metal cup.
text: Joe has drank it too quickly, he has a brain freeze. It is
text: painful, but he works through it, he then reaches for a
text: second milkshake from a group of three other empty milkshake
dialog: glasses.
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 78.
text: A cacophony of voices rises above the music, punctuated with
text: the wheeze of oxygen inhalation...
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.S.)
dialog: But you gotta take your pills
dialog: Frank...
dialog: 40 X 23 equals...
dialog: I can’t take it anymore...
dialog: Drives like a dream...
text: Staring straight ahead Joe reaches into his overcoat pocket.
text: He pulls out McCleary’s snub nose.
text: The muzzle pushes firmly under his chin...
speaker_heading: NINA'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 11, 10, 9...
text: THE GUN FIRES.
text: An EXPLOSION of blood Exit wound gore and matter spray in
text: all directions, splattering tables, chairs, donuts and
text: diners.
text: The commuter couple and their breakfast plates. But they keep
dialog: on eating.
text: The man with the oxygen mask. But he keeps on gulping.
text: The woman and her daughter. Math homework now inked in red.
text: The Elderly Couple... Blood dripping from the OLD LADY’s
text: wobbling chin as she slurps a fork full of runny egg into her
text: mouth. The Old Man pours a huge dollop of syrup over his
text: bloody pancakes.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 78A.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Easy on the syrup Frank, you know
dialog: you’re not allowed tha...
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 79.
scene_heading: ELDERLY MAN, FRANK.
dialog: (through a mouthful)
dialog: Goddammit! I can’t have shit!
text: Blood pumps over the edge of Joe’s table and flows thickly to
text: the tiled floor. A WAITRESS’S feet nimbly step over the
text: spreading pool, a brimming coffee decanter in her hand.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (0.S.)
dialog: Joe?
text: Joe (alive), turns measuredly to face her.
dialog: The Waitress is Nina.
text: She looks down at Joe, lifting the coffee decanter to
dialog: indicate she’s offering a refill...
text: Joe looks down to the ground. Beside the pool of blood
text: Nina’s bare feet.
speaker_heading: NINA (0.S.)
dialog: Joe?....
text: Joe looks up...
text: Smiles at her as he holds up his cup.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You saved my life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The WAITRESS (35) smiles, fills up Joe’s cup.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I know I need at least five cups in
dialog: the morning just to get the engine
dialog: running.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You OK honey?...
dialog: (beat) )
dialog: You look like death.
text: Joe smiles at her.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I just woke up.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (rote)
dialog: Well have a nice day.
scene_heading: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 T9A.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: You have a nice day too.
text: He looks out the window.
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 80.
text: The Waitress catches his eye line, takes in the view.
text: She turns and heads back to the other waitresses who are
text: cooing over a mewling newborn in its mothers arms.
text: Above the low buildings of the Travel Plaza orange dawn
text: catches fire along the edges of the grey shroud sky.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a nice day.
dialog: curt TO
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: CLOSE ON: a $100 bill, tucked under the edge of Joe’s coffee
dialog: cup.
text: A bloody thumb print glistens over the treasurer’s signature.
text: The Waitress takes the bill from the table and blankly stares
dialog: off.
text: Joe is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE DINER - DAY 181
text: Joe strides across the parking lot. His face is focussed,
text: his movement is purposeful.
text: OFF BLACK the trunk of the rental swings open, revealing Joe.
text: He tosses the Glock in.
text: Joe POV: - The dead Gunmen’s pistols, suppressors, McCleary’s
text: revolver, three new hammers - the tools of his trade all in
dialog: triplicate.
scene_heading: INT. JOE’S RENTAL CAR, ROADSIDE DINER - DAWN 182
text: Joe fires his car’s ignition, the radio comes on.
text: CLOSE ON, Joe sat behind the wheel.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 81.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SIDE DINER - DAWN 183
text: Joe's car pulls out of the diner’s lot.
speaker_heading: NINA’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: 8, 7, Gees
scene_heading: INT. JOE'S RENTAL CAR, INTERSTATE 95 - DAWN 184
text: The first rays of the rising sun flare the lens with searing
text: white light illuminating the freeway sign.
text: CLOSE ON: Joe, his eyes fixed on the road ahead, his face set
text: with a look of sheer determination.
speaker_heading: NINA’S VOICE (0.S. CONT’D)
dialog: 3, 2, 1.
dialog: CUT TO Black.
speaker_heading: KKK
dialog: 
